A quote that resurfaced after the Boston Marathon bombings explained why people ran
towards the danger rather than away.
Look for the helpers.
In the face of tragedy, camaraderie, sportsmanship, and care for your fellow persons is truly
the greatest of deeds.
Stay tuned for more.
Hello everybody and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It's Orange Lounge Radio.
Tonight, episode 743 for this, August 26th of 2018.
I'm Rob Roberts and he is Techmaster Loki.
I'm also stuffed up.
Yeah, you're stuffed up and I have this voice.
I hosted Rocky Horror last night and my voice, you know, it's a lot of yelling and screaming.
I'm just shoving spicy salsa in my mouth constantly.
Take it easy.
Take it easy over there.
We got a long show for you guys tonight.
Not here tonight, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers, she is still on leave due to a work conflict.
Join us live, participate with our show at live.vognetwork.com as we are live every Sunday
night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at the Voice Geeks Network, vognetwork.com
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And yeah, I want to get into the big topic I think that's on everybody's minds right
now and this is supposed to be the show that's gonna sit on the feed for two weeks and when
I meet some new people at Dragon Con, this might be the first episode that they're hearing
and it's unfortunate because we've got this really kind of heavy topic to start things
off tonight.
So if you are brand new to Orange Launch Radio, maybe go listen to last week's show.
It's Loki getting angry at Nintendo's lack of online hits every week, but that's the
stuff you expect.
This week is just like anger in general and disappointment and just not understanding
a lot of stuff and obviously I'm referring to everything that happened in Jacksonville
today and I imagine most of you read the internet and use some type of social media with some
form of regularity, so I am sure you have all seen the news now, however, keeping in
mind that we have an international audience that maybe has not heard, let me just be straight
or at least what we know here on Sunday evening, going off of a CBS News article that I'm
looking at here, we had an incident today in Jacksonville, Florida, where there was
a shooter at a video game tournament that unfortunately has killed two other people
and then the shooter themselves killed themselves, so that would be three dead as of the time
that we're mentioning this and then of course multiple injuries, I'd heard 10, I'd heard
11, I've seen a bunch of numbers going around out there.
The game in question, Madden 19, was the tournament that was being held here in Jacksonville,
this was some type of pre-qualifier for a larger Madden, you'll have to excuse me, it's
no secret that I do not follow the sports games as much here on OLR.
They're Madden's challenge thing that we do here.
And not that that makes what's happening here any different because this could, you know,
we just talked about Evo a couple weeks ago on the show, fighting game tournaments, we
talk about tournaments for music games is something that we used to go to all the time
and they still have music game tournaments and Overwatch is certainly a big thing and
so on and so on.
I mean it kind of doesn't matter, the game, because I think a lot of us are kind of sitting
here going, you know, this could have been a tournament that I might have attended.
And so anyway, the shooter, who is apparently from Baltimore actually, and my understanding
is that he was a competitor in this event.
Now this is where things get fuzzy and rumors, I don't know how far down this rabbit hole
I want to go, but the chatter is that he is somebody who played the tournament earlier
in the day, lost, and this may have been what he did in response, which, you know, makes
us all go just like jaw dropping, like how can any person see that as a rational response
to any type of situation, let be alone a fucking video game.
Yeah, these are the people we need the arm.
Anyway, this tournament was being held at the GLHF Game Bar, it's part restaurant.
This seems like just kind of one of those, like the area that this is in looks like one
of those like downtown mall, hip spot, hangout type of places, it's out on the wharf.
We have places in old Sacramento like this, I'm sure it's just, you know, it's a gathering
spot, so this is probably a tourism thing to bring in all these people for this Madden
tournament that was going on, and now it's ended in this horrible tragedy, 150 people
overall involved in this event, and so on, and thanks to social media, you're getting
some of the players that are out there tweeting that are saying, you know, this is the worst
day, I'm never doing this again until they beef up security, and just, I think you're
just seeing a lot of people processing in real time, which is the upside and the downside
of social media and a lot of that instant gratification that we have in the year 2018,
which also, I suppose, would be related to the instant gratification of the fact that
yes, this was all being streamed on Twitch, now the good news is video was not captured
of the incident, which I, you know, in the case of law enforcement and trying to figure
out and answer some of those questions, that's probably not a good thing, but I would assume
there were security cameras at the place and they'll do what they need to do with that,
but I'm saying in the sense of the internet, I think it's a good thing that they, it just
happened that they were flipping to on Twitch, they went to like the kickoff, so like, you
know how it is, it's like a picture in picture for a minute, and then it went, the picture
in picture went away and it was mad and full screen when the incident happened, so we didn't
see the video, but unfortunately, the audio's there, and it's like, I, I'm not gonna lie,
I listened to it, against my better judgment, I listened to it, I wish I hadn't, so I'm
gonna say, you know, all those of you that are like curious as well, I would just take
my word for it, you don't need to hear it, and I'm not gonna spread that around any further,
if you wanna find it, you can find it, but again, I would encourage you not to do it,
because I think the people that do need to hear that, and do need to see that, are lawmakers
in this country, and look, I understand we got a lot of political opinions here at OLR,
we got a lot of political opinions when it comes to video games, that's fine, and I'm,
I'm really, really not trying to politicize an event, however, this is an event that is
occurring time, and time, and time, and time again, and every time, there's somebody that
always wants to say, it's too soon to talk about all this, now is not the time to politicize
when is the fucking time, time's up, bitch, time's up, because this is continuing to happen,
and what is so, like what makes me numb, what makes me sick, I'm sick, Loki, when I think
about this, I don't know about you, but like, like between the audio, between the thinking of
the fact that I'm about to go to this big convention where there's going to be thousands
of people, and look, I'm not, I'm not trying to knock that convention, it's gonna be a fucking
fantastic convention, I know they work with police, I know security's gonna be beeped up,
but I can't help but think about these things, because this is the society we live in today,
I'm sick, because nothing is going to be done about this, nothing has been done about this,
nothing, nothing, and they're not gonna do anything, I mean, they'll say it, they'll talk
a big game, but no one is ever gonna actually propose anything, or if they do propose something,
it's gonna get shot down by the other side. They shoot, I'm sorry, this, they shoot fucking kids,
kids get shot and nothing is happening, nothing about gun control, nothing about mental health,
somebody come up with a fucking idea and do it, please, because as if the other stuff wasn't that
enough, now this is on the front door of our community, and like, sure, I don't play Madden,
but this is still my community, and they're just gonna use this to push the blame on something
else, because it was a gamer that shot somebody, so it must be the game.
Don't get me started, don't get me started, and that's, that's ultimately, I think, like,
the role that we have to play in this, in some extent, is that we have got to push back when
that narrative comes up, that this is, oh well, it's a video game, no, it is not a video game,
there's so, you guys already know this, if you're downloading a video game podcast,
number one, the video game is a sports game, it's one of the most, if not the most popular sport in
America, as a video game, like, you can't blame, it's another way to do, like, this sport, is it
football's fault? Of course not, it's not the game's fault, so we have to push back on that
narrative, because guess what, you know, this, again, it's happening over and over and over
again, and it's not the game's fault. Now, here's something that, you know, I've kind of thought
about, as I've thought about a lot today, of this particular, you know, incident, and, you know,
what, what can we do from here, where can we go from here? Now, you have to go vote, well, that's
one, that's for fucking sure, like, these people that continue to do nothing need to go, they need
to go, and the only way they're gonna go is if you vote, that's it, like, vote, whatever your ideas
are, vote, but vote for somebody that has ideas, vote for somebody that's gonna do something, and
I think the other thing too is that, and something we have to take a long look at, and I'm not saying
I have the answer to this, I'm not saying you have the answer to this, I'm saying this is something
that, as a community, we have to look at, because there's, again, chatter, and I don't know, Loki,
but this certainly, I hate to say it, but it seems reasonable, well, no, it's not reasonable,
that's, that's a bad word choice, it seems, I hate to use this word, it seems plausible, that
the story about, that he lost a contest earlier in the day, and was so frustrated at the situation,
that he decided this was the way to take it out, I think we have to ask ourselves that question,
why did he come to that conclusion? Is that something in our culture? Is that something
in gaming culture? Is that something in American culture? Is that something in the way he was
raised? I don't know, I don't, I'm not saying I have the answers, but I think these are the
things that we have to take a good, long, hard look at over the next few days, and yes, we do
need to look at it, like, now, and not later, and try to figure out where we're gonna go from here,
because I'm sick of it, you guys, I'm sick of it, I was sick of it a long time ago, but like,
today, now, as, you know, gamers, and as people who talk about video games, it's landed on our
doorstep, and I think a lot of us, unfortunately, whether you want to admit it or not, we're kind
of wondering in the back of your minds, how long was it gonna be for this happen? How long was it
gonna be for this happen at a video game tournament? Because it's been happening in a lot
of places where people gather. Well, that question got answered. Anyway, I do want to go to, I want
to go to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, because again, we do tape live Sunday nights,
at the VoiceGeeks Network, vognetwork.com, MXC in chat says, I feel you, Rob, you know, many of us
feel this way, thank you. I do know, it's frustrating, like, there comes this point where
you just start to feel helpless, and I think that's a lot of where my emotion comes from right now,
is like, just this like, helpless feeling, that like, we're being held, our entire political
system is being held captive by this stupid fucking game of heads versus tails, or whatever
you want to call it. You can't take our guns, they're gonna come for our guns. Well, here's,
you know, here's the reality of that situation. Second Amendment, yay. There's a part of me,
Loki, and again, I gotta watch how far down this rabbit hole I go, because I realize there's a lot
of opinions, but here's, here's, here's, here's where my head's at with that. Like, the more and
more that discussion happens, the more and more I kind of want to come to your house and take your
guns. However, however, big however here, I realize that's not possible. Loki, we live in a
world where now, like, you know, technology is a great thing, it's a wonderful thing, but it can
also be a dangerous thing, because now you can 3D print a gun. Remember? Remember that whole ordeal
from a couple weeks ago? They came out with the plans to be able to 3D print a gun, and I think
what happened, what happened to the court system? I apologize, I don't have all my ups and ups on
this, but I believe the court system said, take it off the internet. Basically, you can't have the,
well, of course, what happened, guys? Once it's on the internet, it's always on the internet. So,
if somebody wants to print a gun, they can do it. So, personally, I don't think the answer is taking
guns, because you're just not gonna do it. Now, assault rifles and these, you know, super guns,
these bigger guns, I mean, certainly, I think a question should be asked, who really fucking
needs those? But the reality of the situation is, you know, 20, 25 years, people will probably be
able to print those too. So, I think we need to start to look at a longer term situation than
that. And maybe the question of, why do we have a gun orgy in this country? Why are guns so fucking
glamorous? Why do we want to paint guns? Or sorry, paint guns. Well, I guess you can paint them too.
Why do we want to print guns? Is it, is it really for self-defense? Is it really that? Is there
something else going on there? We're not supposed to. Anyway. Because they told us not to download
cars, and now we're going to download cars. Let's see. SSG100Matt in chat says, I hate guns. I would
never own one. I understand some people's want for one, but I feel that given the way that society is
right now, we have to find a way to control who's getting these guns, not take them away,
control who and how someone gets them. I, I like, there is definitely that part of me that I guess,
yes, liberal tilting side of me that kind of like wants to jump right there with you. But I also
kind of like see this, like, I feel like as technology is getting better 20, 25 down years
down the road, like you, you're not going to be able to stop it. People can make their own guns.
So we have to answer some tougher questions. Why don't you just heavily regulate it now,
and then if it's too much, then you can always back off on it. You know, rules can, they can
change the laws, you know? So if it's not working out one way, they can, they can change laws,
change the law again, but, but they're worried that, oh, they're going to come and steal my
guns. Well, why do you have five AK-47s? You know, why do you have all these assault rifles?
Anyway, I, I'm sure we could talk about this topic alone for the next three hours. That's
not what we're here to do at Orange Launch Radio. Because really, I, I, I, I even kind of question,
like, do I even want to talk about it on the show tonight? But it's like, you have to,
because this is now, it's landed on our doorstep. It's, it's, it's in the gaming community now.
Like, even though this, this story we're talking about really has nothing to do with games,
it kind of does now. And I did ask a question there. Is there something maybe about that
tournament competitive culture? Is there something we could do? I don't know. Maybe the answer is not
really. It's just, there's idiots everywhere, unfortunately. And you're just going to intersect
with them at some point. Just like the people that swatted each other were a $2 bet and they
got someone killed because the cops went to the wrong house, which there's so many bad things that
went on with that scenario. But like, it's, it's just, this is a thing because people think they
can get away with it. Yeah. Because they're, they feel empowered by having something like this and
they're like, I'm going to show them. And they just don't think there's no rational thinking
there. It's just, it's just, I look at me, you know? No, I agree. I don't know the answer,
but I'm sick and tired of nothing happening. So I hope to God something happens soon,
like tomorrow. But unfortunately I'm also accepting the reality. It won't. It won't.
But I will express my opinion with my vote come November. And I hope many of you who are just as
irritated as I am today will do the same. Anyway, video games are something that we use to sometimes
escape our problems. Video games are something that we use to try to better our mood when we've
had a bad day. Sometimes a video game is something I can come to, to make things better. Sometimes I
can get into a story and escape some of these things, take myself out of it for a little bit.
Sometimes I can hang out with friends in a virtual world, slaying orcs or humans, whatever side I
choose. That's the wonderful thing about video games. So we're going to get back to what we do
best and talk a little bit about video games. But, um, thank you for giving me the opportunity to
vent. I think we all need a little bit, a bit of it today, but in the meantime, Loki, let's talk
about what's going on in the video game world. Um, otherwise as the world keeps turning. Um, so our
kickoff topic tonight has a little bit to do with Microsoft and something they've got, uh, planned.
I don't know. Where is this? Loki is this rumor status is something we know they're doing. Where
is this? Something we've talked about before though. Like they would mention, we're thinking
about doing this back in the whole Xbox three 60 days where they were going to go with the whole
subscription model. I don't know if it was with GameStop was thinking about doing it, but it's
been thrown around before where basically you would have monthly payments like, you know, cause
when you go buy, you know, a phone or something like that with your wireless carrier, you pay it
off either in monthly payments or you drop the money upfront and usually you get a little bit of
a discount if you go through their service. So this is basically this all access, um, program,
which is basically going to allow you to make monthly payments. Um, the rumor is that you would
be able to get an Xbox one S, um, along with game pass and, um, Xbox live for $22 per month for two
years. So that'd be your contract, um, portion. And then if you want an Xbox one X, it'd be $35 a
month for two years and you get all those, the Xbox live and the game pass with that.
And it ends up being cheaper than buying all those separately, which is kind of nice. I don't know.
I think it's a great idea. I would totally get on board. It's like, it's like the subsidized cell
phone plan is now hit video games. Although you're right. I don't think it's the first time this has
hit video games. I do remember something about like the Xbox 360, like a whole, like, like,
great idea. I think it's an awesome thing. 35 bucks a month. I mean, it, it's not a lot for,
you know, your normal consumer nowadays who have cell phone plans. Like I remember when I first had
my non smartphone cell phone plan and that was like 50 bucks a month or something. I was like,
Holy shit, this is expensive. I can't imagine someone having to pay for a phone and stuff.
You know, now I have a smartphone and you know, I pay like almost 80 bucks a month for,
you know, paying off the phone and paying for my monthly plan. So it's not a huge deal. It's better
than dropping $600 and then you have to drop money for, you know, Xbox live. Cause you're probably
going to want it anyways. And then the games pass, you can either do with or without, but it's still
a good offer. You know, I think it's a great idea. I'd be curious to see them try it as I think it
would be very successful. Do you think that this might be kind of where this industry is going?
It's part of the reason I wanted to talk about this at the top of the show tonight. It's more
of like a kickoff topic to kind of talk about like, is this maybe where gaming's future as
far as like financial models is headed? Because we know like, look at television, like, you know,
television and cable, especially like it's, it's maybe not there yet where it's like faded,
but I would say, you know, you've got more and more people cutting the cord, fading. A lot of
those cable channels are kind of fading away as more and more people adopt Netflix, who
CBS, CBS on demand and all this other stuff where, you know, now the problem becomes is that you're
paying 10 over here, 10 over here, 10 over here, it starts to add up almost to more cable, but at
least you, you have a little bit more like the picking and choosing of what you're doing there.
So my point is television is kind of going that direction. Meaning movies is also going a similar
direction. I think less and less people are probably buying Blu-rays in favor of being
able to stream movies. Not everybody though. I think with Blu-rays a little different because
you have a lot of movie collectors, you have a lot of movie fans, people that do kind of want to
own it. You know, I think it's a little bit different, but I think you probably have less
people getting into that and more getting into the streaming. For me, I, they don't do deep
enough discounts on the movies themselves, whereas they do that with the game. So I don't get a lot
of stuff on impulse. Whereas I kind of wish it was that way where they would drop stuff down dirt
cheap and be like, Oh, Hey, I want to build up my library of this stuff. But I don't ever see that.
Like I now even check sometimes when they'll do those like games and movie sales on like the
PlayStation store. And I just look at the games. I'm like, Oh yeah, there's a lot of stuff I'd want
to pick up. Cause it's like five bucks. And I look at the movies and like, it was like $15 for an HD
movie. No, no, I'm not going to do that. Um, so I, anyway, with the Blu-rays, the TV, you know,
that's all going kind of this direction where streaming is becoming more and more popular. I
mean, it kind of makes sense that potentially video games is going this way too. I mean, to some
extent, sure. We have PlayStation now we have the, what are they called? Xbox all access, but the
Xbox game pass, the game pass, whatever it's called. Uh, and then I also kind of think the
problem with Microsoft system is it's a little diluted. Now is kind of, I mean, that's it. These
services are kind of like, we kind of look at them and go, well, they're kind of lame because
everything is second game passes, all brand new releases and catalog too. But like, and I like
the fact that I can download that to my system and play it off my system. I have to stream it
because like, you know, if I want to play a game right on this, I can do that on my own separate
TV without taking a bandwidth. Whereas any of my wife's watching some streaming show, that's going
to fuck up there. Forget, you know, there's stupid, uh, PlayStation now. It's not going to
work. Right. And to be fair also with like PlayStation now and the Xbox, uh, game pass, a lot
of the reason why I kind of write both of those off too, is that for me, a lot of the stuff on there
feels kind of very secondhand because it's all stuff that's kind of old, like it's older stuff
coming back to be playable on the systems, which, you know, if you're not playing all the latest
and greatest games, if you're somebody who's more of a casual gamer, who's getting into PlayStation
four, PlayStation three, a little later, whatever, I'm sure those things have a lot more value.
Those things might be really great options, but then of course you bring up their point to that
you have to kind of constantly stream with those where they, that may not be what you want to do.
You might want to have more of the, um, download it all at once and be able to play on demand like
game pass. Let you do. Yeah, I would be like, God damn it. I can't get the Xbox stuff straight.
Game passes the street station. No game pass is the one where you can download stuff. Okay. What's
the other one called PlayStation now? No, what's, what's Microsoft's all access. Well, all access
passes is going to be the one that you get the system. Oh God. All right. Games pass is the one
is basically their Netflix thing. All right. And then Xbox live is Xbox live, but no, seriously.
Um, I think it's a great idea. I, I'd be curious to see how they implement it. Um, yeah. Cause I
mean, it's just, I, I don't know. It just sounds like such a great deal. Um, I mean, especially if
you think about it, like say you're buying this, like you don't have an expert, I don't have an
Xbox. So basically I'm getting an Xbox one X and live, which I pay for anyways, because I need live
if I want to play online. And then I get this instant access to this huge library of games.
I mean, that's a fucking $35 a month. I think it's seriously, they come out with that. That's going
to be so big. Okay. And maybe this is the answer. I think it's going to be a hardware problem
because they're not going to have enough hardware to go around with something like that. Well,
it might, might be some of these limited in quantity or something like they only can sell
as many as they have the hardware for, but that will be Microsoft's thing to figure out.
But in, in regards to, you know, we've been, we've been talking for a couple of years now,
ever since PlayStations really kind of run out in the lead here with PlayStation four,
that Microsoft's going to have to kind of do something big. And my fan wank as to what big
thing are they going to do is that I always said, Oh, they're going to get rid of Xbox live and let
you play online for free. But maybe, maybe no, maybe it's this, this is like their, this is their
big maneuver. Microsoft's going to do this. And this is something that, you know, PlayStation
doesn't really have a model for nor one, I guess that they could really copy easy. I mean, I guess
they could do something with PlayStation now, but again, it's not the same cause you're not really
downloading those games. They really need to come back with a brand new service. It's just, just,
just fucking copy the Xbox service that they have, you know, enable backwards compatibility for
PlayStation three games or whatever you can do. I know that shit can fucking run PlayStation one
games. Okay. The fucking PS3 can run PlayStation one games. So there's no excuses there. Um,
they could come back with something new, have a classic library of free games that you can play
around with, but they got to have something PlayStation. Now they've been trying to push
that for years now. And it's just, I don't think it's taken off. I don't know anybody. It's like,
Oh yeah, PlayStation now going to chat at live.vog network.com. Bobby black Wolf says, uh,
fours of seven is 97 gigs on Xbox one X that's one 10th of my data cap. What about those data
caps? Is that kind of screw this thing up or what do you, what, what kind of interesting
monkey wrench does that put in it? I'm surprised that those games are so big. Like I'm not,
if it's four K true, that's, that's the problem. That's the problem.
I'm fine with that. Cause again, like that you're fine with what I'm not
your data cap getting eaten up. Yeah. I mean, you have to be a little more picky. You don't
have to download those games to play them. It is an option to download and play them offline.
You can stream them as well, but I bet you can't stream it in four K probably my fancy TV. I want
to play my fancy games, but I guess, yeah, I guess there is some decisions to be made. They're
interesting. So, um, uh, yeah. Bobby black old says, yeah, notice I said Xbox one X it's only
60 gigs on the original Xbox one. So that's why it's so big as all the four K. Yeah.
Well, you know, here's the thing though is like with that you can decide that, well,
you're still gonna have to download the patch, even if you buy the disc version of the game,
I guess. So that is a problem. Um, now, uh, the other thing I want to bring up here is
it's really not just Sony and Microsoft in this whole subscription thing. I mean,
we kind of don't know the definitive answers to this yet. And you know, I hate to be a broken
record here on OLR, but we know Nintendo is doing something with the classic NES games and it
appears that it's also going to be a subscription style model where this time the subscription
services Nintendo's online service comes with the classic NES games, which thankfully a 98 gig
download will not be the case with the class. At least I hope not with the classic NES,
unless the code is really badly optimized. It's it's so late though. I mean, it's,
is it though, considering that Sony's system is not, does not have a download it and play? I mean,
sure with the, with Nintendo switch, it's all going to be, it's all going to be classic games
or is it, you know, again, we're still expecting Nintendo to do this big unveil of Nintendo online
where I'm starting to worry more and more that now now social media drip feed is all we're going to
get, but maybe Nintendo might, might do something like this too. Take those expectations and bring
them way down. I'm telling you it's, it's not going to be anything. They're not expectations.
That's the beautiful thing. Loki is I've learned with the Nintendo to expect nothing when it comes
to online. And now I get pleasantly surprised. It's just, it's, I am expecting so little with
that. And especially for the price, I wouldn't expect anything more than just any S games,
maybe, Ooh, maybe asking me games. Honestly, they should just say, fuck it with their whole system.
Anyways, they can do like the, where he paid so much a month, you can get a library games, but
just put the fucking virtual console out there. I mean, come on, you're fucking making these games
anyways, just put it out there so we can purchase the games. Why you have to be fucking difficult
with it? Well, if I'm not mistaken, because the switch is on different hardware, maybe some of
the tricks they did before is not going to work again. I mean, here's the thing they might do.
Except that homebrew people can run those games just fucking fine. So apparently the hardware
can handle it. And I mean, it's, it's basically a Tegra chip anyways, which we know that shit can
run Wii games. Thank you to the Chinese, um, Nvidia shields. Um, so it can fucking handle
that. It's just, they're just being stupid about it. And here's the thing. Like I have no problem.
Like you don't have to support multiplayer in all the games. Cause guess what? You have
a marketplace that can patch games. So when you add it to, you can patch it in. There's also a lot
of games that just straight up don't need it. Like star tropics does not need two player mode.
Exactly. Just patch it in later. If that's really what you want to do. I don't see the big problem
with that. Like sell the game like, Hey, multiplayer coming out later on. Who cares?
It's a fucking NES game. Oh no. Multiplayer. I haven't played this game in like a billion
times already. I just don't see the problem. Why can't they can't put out more of these games,
especially their own games. Okay. I understand licensing and stuff with third party games and
that's, that's fine, but come on, you can fucking do better than that. Look, I mean,
I am excited at the potential of playing the multiplayer NES games online across a great
distance. Like I just know, and I don't know if Delvin's out there listening, but I just know
we're going to beat the shit out of each other in Super Mario Brothers three. Like that is the
thing that's going to happen across the wonderful internet. And we don't have to be in the same room
for me to click on his icon on the world map and then steal all his items or whatever it was you
do in that game. That was the thing you did, right? Didn't on the map, you would, you'd
click on the other player and then you wouldn't do it like a battle thing, right? Like it was
original. It was original Mario Brothers, right? So that's the thing that now gets to happen across
the internet. And then hopefully even better, maybe we'll stream it for everyone. For example,
like Sega ages has, um, games coming out on the switch and they've done enhancements for those,
like for example, fantasy star has a map feature that it draws a map for you because before it
used to be hard to navigate through the game because there's no map. So they had, they added
that in there as part of a new thing that they patched in. So there's things that they can do
that enhance these games, but they don't have to do it. They can just put them out there. Like,
did that, Oh, did the lack of multiplayer and stuff really stop, you know, selling those games
on the Wii or anything? No. Or on the Wii U? No. 3DS? No. Just put them out again. You'll sell them
again. No one cares. Uh, Dartusia in chat says, Oh yeah, I heard the fantasy star map feature is huge.
I never got to play the original personally, but I imagine that being a huge help. Oh yeah,
I'm sure. For sure. All right. Anyhow, uh, subscriptions. It'll be interesting to see
where that takes the industry in a few years. I wonder when we'll hear about that.
I'm not, I'm not talking about just Nintendo. It's like, what, how many like four weeks away?
We'll see. We'll see the day before Loki, we already answered this the day with the day before
they they're ready to do direct. Actually, I take that back because I think Nintendo announced a
Nindies direct, correct me if I'm wrong chat, but I think they gave us five days notice
on a Nindies direct that's early next week. So that'll be like all the, probably the rest of the
more indie releases for the year. But you know, sometimes Indies, um, has some, you know, big
surprises in there. So yeah, Nindies. So I forget when exactly that direct is, but I think it's
sometime next week and they gave us five days notice and I was like, wow, that's some big
advance notice. I know a hat in time's coming and that's going to be, that's going to be a
good game for the switch, I think. But, um, I don't know. I just, I under, I'm expecting to
be underwhelmed, whatever. That's fine because I expect it. And so I'm sure that it'll meet my
expectations. All right. Thank you. JD clarifies it is Tuesday at 9.00 AM Pacific. That is it.
So, uh, by black Wolf, uh, in chat says, I don't think they need to announce anything until the day
they launch continues to say nobody ever said, well, I would get online, but I'm mad that they
didn't tell me this four weeks ago. No, they do need to announce it because they're taking
pre-orders on the goddamn thing. So I think that we should know exactly what we're paying for.
I, I, yeah, I sorta get your point, Bobby, but at the same time, they are going to be asking us to
kind of like commit to this. And I think a lot of us kind of want to know, okay, what is it that
we're paying for? And if they want this to be big day one, if they want this to be like an event
thing, which I always kind of thought most things of video games really tried to get everything out
the door on day one. Hence why we have pre-orders of games and everything. Then I would think they'd
give at least like a little notice, but maybe they just feel that because they already know these
people are playing Splatoon two online. These people play Mario Kart online. They're going to
have to pay up to keep doing it online. So maybe Nintendo is just kind of banking on that. I don't
know. No. All right. Anyway, their online service better be good because you're gonna hear people
going, well, I'm paying for this shit and it fucking sucks. So just saying, prepare for that
Nintendo. All right, let's move on. Let's talk a little bit about our gaming weeks and the types
of video games that we've been playing this week. Loki, how was your gaming week? I haven't played a
whole ton of console stuff. Um, well actually I haven't played any console stuff really. It was
mostly just, um, Pokemon go and I'm fucking pissed off at the app right now because it's just all
sorts of broken. They patched it recently and it just screwed everything up since then it's,
you know, lagged out like really bad. It's freezes. Every time I enter exit my either
like I changed from, you know, wifi connection to, you know, LTE or if it, you know, goes from
playing, it doesn't even play audio through my speakers because I have the audio turned off, but
going from being connected to my Bluetooth to not being connected to my Bluetooth,
it freezes the game completely for 30 seconds. It's fucking dumb. This, this never happened
before. And then like there's sometimes I'll go to lunch and I'll let it just, you know,
cause I'm driving through a parking lot, so I'll let it collect, you know, some kilometers that way
and it come back and the phone feels like that the battery is literally going to explode because it's
so fucking hot. I'm like, why the hell did there's nothing going on at this game? It's just like,
what the hell did you do? Like basic functionality doesn't work. Like I can't spin
pokey stuff. Sometimes I'll be sitting right there. I'll spin it. And it's like, try again
later or, you know, I have great data because I know cause I'm still being able to catch stuff
or I'll try to catch things. I had one where there's a Pokemon that spawned and disappeared
immediately. I was like, what the fuck was that? I have that problem sometimes on a iPhone. I think
it's like distance really. Cause what I noticed is that my, my character will slingshot like as
the GPS tries to correct itself to the correct location. And so now suddenly my phone thinks
I'm driving. So it shuts off the Pokemon for a few seconds before they come right back.
So I, it is, it is weird because they have it in order to do the animation, they have it chasing
the GPS coordinates. So your character is chasing it, but they calculate everything based on the
distance of your character, not where your fucking GPS is because that makes all goddamn sense.
Um, well, you know, I, I know they just updated it on iOS and a lot of people were having problems
like even getting the game launched when the update happened. So people just deleted the
app and reinstalled and now it works fine. So you might want to try that. I mean, you're on Android,
so I haven't heard of that, but I think in general, turning it off and then on again is
always good. I also had the issue too, where like it does this weird random, like rotates the camera
around to meet the Pokemon, which never happened before. Um, I don't know. It's just silly stuff
like that, but, so it's a little bit pissing me off. Um, but I'm still been playing each, oh,
and like, I mean, I know it's random, but like the other day I was trying to get gifts to send
the people. And I literally like, I threw away 50 Poke balls and I spun like a good 15 Poke stops.
Still have to throw away another 50 balls after that and no fucking gifts,
none. It's just like, where'd your balls go, Loki? It's like three. Like I'm like, I have all these
like common Poke balls and stuff. I'm like, I don't fucking need these. I can't catch anything
with these. Like nothing will go in these balls. I have the, I have the other balls that I could
use, but I'm, I'm, I'm refraining from saying blue balls. So we're not going to walk into that.
Uh, it's for the best, but you know, it's just, it's just bullshit. Like sometimes like,
I don't know why they make certain Pokemon like insanely hard to catch. Like,
like there's some of the rotatas that just keep like jumping. I'm like, I don't even fucking
want you. I just have to use up this inventory. So I have room for other shit and I'm just going
to cover experience or rotata. Nobody wants you, you know what fucking wants you or the like
stupid like torture or whatever the fucking like lantern flower thing. I'm like, I don't fucking
want you. Why are you so goddamn hard to catch? You're completely fucking useless. So basically
that and dance dance revolution extreme. I have been working more in, um, well still in unreal.
I've been working through some other tutorials, learn more about like the third person controller
and stuff like that. And just some of the things with, with that in, um, I don't know.
I'm just messing around, still trying to learn things. Um, it's pretty much it. Cause it's,
a lot of the lessons, unfortunately they have online tutorials are basically covering the
same stuff and it's hard to find new material that kind of covers things that haven't gone
through yet. So I'm just checking things out and experimenting. So that's pretty much it.
Okay. Uh, let's see my gaming week. Um, not a lot of like new stuff. I'm still just,
I'm, I feel like I'm in this lull before all these games start to come out. Like,
I think the first big game I'm looking forward to is in a couple of weeks. We have dragon quest 11
is out like the first week of September, probably when I get back from dragon con.
So, uh, that's exciting, but, uh, yeah, otherwise I'm continuing to just kind of play stuff on PC,
like final fantasy 14. So I've been making some progress in that just, uh, enjoying some of the
end game, uh, playing heroes of the storm. Um, who was the latest character I just bought? Oh,
I just bought the new one. They put out white main. I bought her, I saved up 15,000 gold,
which is a lot of, which a lot of AI matches. Keep in mind, I played like 98% AI matches.
So, uh, I finally saved up the gold to get white main and I've been playing with her a little bit
and yeah, she's kind of a different type of healer. Uh, and her attacks are really weird.
So that's been kind of fun to play. So even though I bought her though, I've been playing more and
more would just like experimenting with, with like other characters and trying to find stuff
that I like. I'm trying to think of what that character was that I was playing yesterday that
I'd barely ever played. And I found that I really liked playing them, not arbiter, but one of the
other star craft characters is like a tank that does a little charge move that goes back and
forth. I can't even think of the name now. Maybe somebody in chat knows, but that's, uh, that's the
character I like to play, uh, right now. Um, and chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Ryan says,
white main is super good at heals in the meta now. Oh, Artanis. That's it. Artanis is the one
I'm really enjoying playing right now. Uh, thank you, Ryan. Uh, and then they're asking Phoenix.
I said, Phoenix. Phoenix. I like Phoenix. Phoenix does the little circle laser thing. He goes,
like draws a little circle laser. That's kind of fun to play cause you can kind of control the
radius of that. So it's kind of like a different type of character, but yeah. Um, the, the one
I've been playing a lot of matches with lately is Artanis. And then, uh, I don't know why I've,
I've been like playing all these Starcraft characters. I've been playing Tassadar
is the other one. I got a really cool skin that looks like an Egyptian type of like
mummified thing for, um, Tassadar. And, uh, I really like he's supposedly it's,
he's supposedly a healer, but like he does like a shield. And if you get hit when the shield is
on you, then you get some health back. It's not the most effective heal in the world, but like,
he's really good at burning lanes. Cause you can do the whole little, um, um, thing on the ground
that does the thunderstorm and yeah, that's the way I kind of like to build. So he's a good,
like, I like the guys that can kind of lane on their own. That's why I really like Sylvanas.
I like Hanzo cause you can kind of like really burn down lanes on your own with those characters.
And those are, those are kind of fun to play. So anyway, uh, cool. I didn't realize we have
quite a few heroes, the storm players, cause some folks in chat are talking to the bonds.
Double six says I always lean towards the Starcraft players. Um, and, uh, Ryan also
clarifying that, uh, white main is super good at heals in the meta now. Yeah. I hear she's
pretty good at heals. Uh, bonds double six says white main is good to heal tank. Awesome. So,
um, let's see. And I've also been, uh, enjoying, um, Pokemon go. I'm still playing. Um, I don't
have quite the frustrations that Loki has been having. Of course I'm on iPhone. That's not to
say it's not perfect. I was having a day or two where I'm like, God, I've spun like a million
stops and I'm not getting any gifts, but I think it's just one of those. Some days you have good
luck. Some days you don't today. Um, Alan and I decided to go for a walk. So we went to the,
the chicken park closer to your, where your neck of the woods. We went over to the chicken park
and just walked around. I got a good 20 gifts to send out. Yeah. There's tons of stops over there.
Yeah. So we, we like to go, we'd like to go there. We'd like to go to Sac state, the university.
We'd like to go downtown, walk the Capitol park. Uh, it's just hard to park down there sometimes.
Uh, so those are like, but like community today, well, we always go to Capitol park
at some point. We'll probably go up to Palladio, even though that's a ways away from here,
but like, these are all the places around town. Like there's concentrated pokey stops and
yeah, you can just kind of, and I like to just play with the gotcha so I could just walk. I
could do, you know, my power walk in and my gotcha is just doing everything and spinning all the
stops. And then like maybe every lap I'll stop, send out gifts to friends and then keep going.
So yeah, but my friends list, uh, that, that quest, man, now I'm getting more people adding
me cause that quest that makes you add three people. So I haven't gotten that yet. There'll
be a quest in the celibate thing where you have to add three people. So you have to make three
new friends. So I'm sure that people out there willing to be like, you read the fine print,
you gotta refer three people to Ingress. What? Yeah. Right. Um, so, uh, I, uh, I have 108 people
on my friend. No, I have 110 people on my friends list, which is, I love having tons of friends,
but don't have Bobby as a friend. The problem is I said no audio. God damn it.
Maybe he doesn't want to be your friend. Okay. Anyway, well that wouldn't be surprising
anyway. No. Uh, but the thing is, is that that's, I can't spend that many gifts in a day. I cannot
get that many gifts. That's too many gifts. Right. And then you can only open 21 and, or no 20,
not even 20 when you don't open 20. So it's like, I have to kind of pick and choose and it really
sucks. Cause then it's like, Oh, I feel like this person probably thinks I hate them, but
no, it's just the person that I keep. If I keep going down the list, it's like the person I always
end up on. I think today it was Bobby's wife. Actually I went to open Bobby's wife's gift and
that was the one where I got the message that said, you've opened too many gifts today. And
I was like, Oh, she's going to think I don't like her. And I'm going to see her in three days.
How dare you open? So I'm like, I guess I'll have to do another lap around the park so I can send
one. So at least it's walking incentive. All right. Uh, I guess that's really it for my gaming
week. So, um, yeah, so I'm hoping, uh, by the time we're back live again in two weeks, uh,
I'll have some new stuff. Cause I think Dragon Quest 11 is out by then, uh, along with some
other stuff too. Uh, anyhow, let's get to housekeeping. So there will be no show next week
live, uh, or taped because I will be at Dragon Con in Atlanta. And if you don't know Dragon Con,
it's a, I've been going for years. So I've talked about it here on the show. Uh, it's a lot of fun.
It's like, imagine 24 different conventions all happening at once. That's basically,
and maybe give or take a few on the number. That's basically what Dragon Con is. You have all these
different tracks that take up different hotel ballrooms and different things. Um, and so if
you just want to spend the entire fucking Dragon Con in the space. Track where you, where they have
people from NASA that come in and talk and they talk about space. Like I would not fucking blame
you for that. And you would have an amazing time at the convention. But you know, if you're me
and you're like, I like podcasting and I like video games, then you kind of tend to go back
and forth and, and it's the costume track that does the really good dance party. I want to go
to, you kind of end up floating around different stuff. So you can kind of, it's, it's like getting
the sampler platter at Denny's, but with a convention, actually not Denny's because their
food is shit. It's like getting the sampler platter. What's a restaurant with a good sampler platter?
No, I don't know. What is it? All the, all the places that are coming to mind like closed. I'm
like the sample platter at Caro's. Wait, no. Uh, the sample platter at Epi's. No, wait, they're
gone too. God damn it. Okay. Yes. Bobby Black Wolf, a Brazilian steakhouse. I like that.
They bring by the panels on a big sword and they slice off. Would you like to go to this panel?
But anyway, besides just that, you could probably also have a very rewarding, great time not going
to any fucking panels. Uh, many people just like to kind of walk around the halls, check out the
cosplay, meet up with friends, drink a little bit. Um, if you don't want to head out and go watch the
parade and things like that, they have a closed circuit TV station that runs on all the host
hotels, have this special TV station called dragon con TV that broadcasts all this stuff.
So it's really cool. And you can actually get that online now so you can get to the dragon
con TV. Yeah, it's pretty cool. So, uh, well it's pay for it, but you know, well, the money goes
back to the convention to support and all that good stuff. You know, it ain't nothing for free
Loki. Anyway, uh, speaking of panels, I do hope you will check out some panels this year because,
um, I am going to be a part of eight different panels at dragon con this year. I want to tell
you really quickly, uh, where you can find me at dragon con. I do hope you will be there in Atlanta.
If you are in the area, come say hello at one of these panels. So Friday at 10 AM, uh, I will be
doing a panel called meet the cast mass effect. And I'm really excited about this as a panel with
DC Douglas, Mark Muir and Courtney Taylor, uh, all from the mass effect series, uh, the voice actors
and actresses. And we're going to talk a little bit about mass effect and like, you know, all
these years later, how there are going to still be tons and tons of people dressing up in mass effect
costumes and what that means and how they feel about all that. Um, and even, uh, my pod daddy,
uh, Travis Donovan is making his triumphant return to dragon con this year. And I'm sure
he's going to wear something in seven related too. So I'll, I'll have to be sure to ask about
my pod daddy. Uh, anyway, speaking of podcasting Friday at 7 PM, I'll be on a panel called
interaction in real time, the art of live podcasting. And the description actually says
Bobby Black Wolf and Rob Roberts of the voice geeks network have been doing their podcast live
since the early two thousands before it was easy. I don't know. The life she's five software wasn't
complicated, but you're right. It was very different back then. So, uh, we'll be talking
all about, you mean it did it without a Patreon. Well, shush the live pot. We'll see. The thing is
live podcasting is like back now. So like it was the only thing you did before then it was like,
well, it's not really a podcast. If you're doing it live, that's not really a podcast. That's just
a taped life. Stop anyway. But now we're back to live podcast because of things like Twitch
and YouTube and YouTube live and all this stuff that people are doing. So, uh, that is,
uh, something we'll talk about is, is the art of live podcasting. I will be a judge on a panel
called pod tank pitch your podcast. So yes, it's basically like shark tank, but for podcasts,
we will hear pitches and we will give feedback. And if you want to know if I'm going to be the
Paula Abdul or the Simon Cowell of the panel, you'll just have to attend. That's 10 o'clock
on Friday. Then Saturday. Now the listeners of OLR are going to understand why this is hilarious.
I'm going to be moderating a panel called Saturday at one o'clock. Let's play five nights
at Freddy's sister location. Why are you laughing? Loki? Cause you love horror games.
So if you don't already know when I play horror games on Twitch, as I've done here and there,
I scream and I scream loudly because jump scares scare the fucking hell out of me. Well,
five nights at Freddy's is a game about nothing but jump scares. So this is going to be something
anyway. Um, they actually asked if I wanted to play the game while I moderated and I politely
declined. Um, so I believe this speaker, um, and I'm, I hope I'm saying the name right. Panina.
I hope I'm saying that right. I'm so sorry if I'm saying that wrong, but, um, I will hopefully
meet this person soon. Uh, they, I believe are the ones that are going to be playing the game,
uh, while we have in the, in the panel, Kellen Goff, Heather masters and Julie shields,
because did you know that, um, this, uh, five nights at Freddy's sister location has way more
voice acting than the other games. So these are voice actors from this game. So we'll,
we'll kind of hear some stories about what all went into that while we do the panel,
uh, Saturday at two 30, uh, that'd be Saturday, September 1st at two 30
broadcasting in podcasting. We're going to talk a little bit about broadcasting best practices
and what can be used with that in podcasting and online media. It's a panel full of veteran
broadcasters, including, uh, myself, uh, Justin, Robert Young is on that panel. Jay Patrick,
Roberto Blake, Ethan C and Mr. Charles McFall from the Pokemon go podcast. That will be very
exciting. So, uh, lots of great folks on that panel Saturday at four o'clock, I will be,
this is a two person panel. It's me and one other person. You ready for this Twitch one Oh one.
I, I, I am honored that I'm being asked to do this when I'm not even a partner,
I'm just an affiliate, but I will be moderating this panel Twitch one Oh one, uh, with Caroline.
She is a engineer over at Twitch. And we're going to talk a little bit about what you need to do to
get started. And so talk a little bit about it's Twitch one Oh one y'all, we're gonna talk about
the basics of Twitch. So that'll be a fun panel. Uh, I'm not done yet. Sorry. This is boring,
but I'm really excited for all these panels. So I've got two more, uh, social media for
digital creators is Saturday at seven o'clock. And we'll be talking about Twitter, Tumblr,
coffee, Facebook, Instagram, all these social media outlets, all these places you can promote
your show. Yes. Loki, Patrion too. We'll talk about all these places and how to pick what's
right for you because for some people, Loki, Patrion may not be right for you,
but for other people, it may be right for them. It just depends on what they're trying to do.
And then lastly, here's the last panel I'm doing Sunday, two 30 PM in the Western peach tree,
sorry, the Western peach tree ballroom. Logan is a huge room. This is one of like the biggest rooms,
the Overwatch voice actor Q and a, I am so honored to be doing this one with, um,
Anjali Bhimani, the voice of Anna, if I remember right, Charlotte Chung, the voice of diva and
Lucy poll, the voice of mercy are all going to be on that panel with little old me, uh, Overwatch.
So we're going to talk about that. And just how Overwatch has gotten so big with e-sports. I'm
really curious. I want to know if they like watch the e-sports events and how it feels to kind of
be like a voice, like in those e-sports I kind of, I'm really curious on their take on like,
did they ever think when they were recording these lines that, Oh my gosh, it was going to
be like this huge, like sporting event that's filling arenas, the Barclay center and stuff.
So I'm really excited to see. And then of course I have to ask the voice of mercy. I have to ask
how it feels to have her character retooled every six months. I have to think of a taxable way to
ask that. So there you go. Anyway. Uh, anyway, if you're going to be at, uh, dragon con, please
check out one of those panels. If you're not going to be at dragon con, they may be doing some
streaming of the panels. Uh, the podcasting ones anyway, maybe streamed online. I promise I will
have up to the minute information on my Twitter. So if you're not following me on Twitter, you
should think about doing that twitter.com slash Mr. Rob Roberts or at Mr. Rob Roberts. That's MR
Rob Roberts is where you can find me over on Twitter and I'll give you all the latest and
greatest over there. So, and also, yes, thank you, Bobby, for letting, reminding me, we have
a special discord channel in the vog network discord for dragon con. That will be where we
will post video or maybe video, I don't know, photos for sure though. Uh, and all that stuff.
So especially as we have, uh, Bobby is going to turn our hotel room into the VR suite again,
where I'm sure we will be playing much beat saber and that will be, I'm sure, uh, pictured. And
those will go to our discord channels. If you're not on our discord yet, check it out.
vog network.com slash discord. Um, SSG, 100 mountain chat says somewhere grandpa from
hoard house is like Rob's ego is going to be bigger than insert rude, inappropriate comment.
Um, I am like, so I I'm so honored and humbled that I'm being asked to do these panels. I'm like,
I'm, I'm actually like, I'm kind of like, I'm a professional, but I'm kind of intimidated by
some of this. I'm like, Oh my God, I hope I don't ask the wrong questions or I hope I don't sound
like an idiot or ask the questions that have been asked 5,000 times. Yeah. Cause that's how
you end up in variety. I don't think I'm going to have that problem. That was a whole nother. That
was a whole nother personality who, if they asked me to do that panel, I might've had a different
answer, but you know, you live, you learn anyway. Um, all that. I wonder if he's going to be at
dragon con that the one time I met Billy Mitchell was at dragon con. So I wonder if, uh, he'll be
there. Bobby, do you know, do you know that? And Bobby also giving a nice Hardy fuck you Loki in
our chat room over at live.vognetware.com. All right. And yes, bonds, double six says,
that's what the room is for to ask the stupid questions. So you don't have to. And that's my
plan to just let you know what they want to ask the questions. I'm not going to take over those
panels. I'm gonna let them do it. Of course they might, they might ask that. I do feel like 20
minutes or something and you know, I'll be ready for whatever. I'm already going through questions
in my head. Uh, and if you're worried about somebody keeping my ego in check,
remember Travis Donovan is returning to, uh, dragon con this year. And if anybody is going
to sit there and go, listen, bitch, I made you and I can break you just as easily.
It will be Travis Donovan. So there you go. All right. Anyway, uh, Bobby says, uh, he was just
there as a guest of Southern fried game room expo last year, not as a guest. So I don't even think
he had panels last year. He was just there. So we'll see. Hopefully he'll be back this year. I
mean, you know, despite everything's been going on, actually, if he is there, I do kind of want
to be there. If like Bobby and him cross paths, I want to see if like, you know, they, they,
so how about that panel? You know, you want to be there too. All right. Anyway, we'll see.
All right. Moving on. Let's get into some video game news. Uh, Loki.
All right. So we can talk about things coming to the switch. So obviously with
their whole online service, we're expecting more apps to be actually included with it.
You know, aside from the obvious, you know, eventually Netflix and that stuff coming to
the service, there is one app that is, um, supposed to be coming. And that is an app called,
I believe inky pen. And so inky pen is a online, I guess, comics manga. And, um,
I don't know if it's other magazines as well. Service, basically you can read
those online. And so they have thousands of comics available at launch. It's supposed to
be coming out sometime in November. So that's kind of neat. I like that, you know, this
device will be used for some other media stuff. I wish that they would have, you know, a
web browser and stuff as well, but I know that there, remember when the 3ds was going to have
3d movies? It did very minimal, but no, that's right. They had like, didn't they have like
cartoons and stuff? I remember seeing them in E3, but did the movies ever actually come out? Yeah,
they did. Um, they were, they did digital version of like, there was a tech in CG movie that came
up and they did that. That's right. I only ever saw the fucking dinosaur shorts and all that crap
they had on the Nintendo. Yeah. I remember they were really pimping that. And then they just
decided that, fuck it. No one wants 3d, which is wrong. We do want 3d, but we also want a
powerful system that can run it. Um, so I hope they don't give up on 3d, but everybody else has,
I guess. Hmm. But, um, yeah, it'll be, it'll be neat to see more apps on the service. I'm
just curious to see if what else will be coming at some point. It just kind of gives us a timeframe.
It also lends more fire to that whole discussion about, you know, the Nintendo switch is basically
the successor to the PSP and the Vita. You've heard that one before. So they're gonna forget
about it at some point. No, I don't. I think I saw it and be like, what? I don't think Nintendo
will forget about it anytime soon. No, no, it's not going to suffer that same fate. We know that
anyway. Um, but what is interesting is that, you know, what's old is new again on the Nintendo
switch. It has been a bit of a port city, if you will. And, uh, that's not going anywhere anytime
soon, especially with this announcement this week, the deep silver is bringing saints row,
the third to the Nintendo switch. This was some news they made at games com saints row,
the third originally launched on PS three PC and X-Box three 60. Keep in mind since this game has
come out, we had saints row four and we had the ages of mayhem while not technically out of hell.
That's right. So while technically agents of mayhem was fucking saints row, but it was terrible
because they couldn't, they, they decided, Oh, Hey, we're going to make this really awesome hero
shooter game. And then they're like, Oh crap, no one gives a shit about our awesome shooter game.
Let's put saints broke characters in there and confuse the fuck out of everybody and piss off
the saints or offense at the same time. Fine. What he said. Cause like I saw that the other
day for 1499, I'm like, that's still too much to pay for that game. I'm not buying that.
Here's the thing though. Saints wrote the third on switch will include all the DLC.
So it will be kind of more of an all one. That is one thing that saints row, the third and the
fourth did, um, quite well is they used to overcharge for DLC. So that is nice that that's
in there. That includes all like the Tron DLC and all that. Well, I mean, it's not Tron, but wink,
wink, right? It was that hacker group or whatever the crime. No, that was actually part of the game.
Oh, what's it? I thought that was, no, that was one of the, the boss guys that you fight against.
Okay. Who ends up becoming a good guy in the next game. But do you think there is an audience for
this? I like, I, it's one of those things where I kind of laugh at it and I go, Oh my God,
what a, another port. But then I kind of go, well, it depends on the cost. If they're going
to try to charge $49.99 for this shit when it comes out, fuck them. I mean, cause I got this
on like humble bundles for like, I think it was like a dollar. I mean, maybe like five bucks at
the moment. There is, there is an audience out there of gamers, Nintendo, $20 maybe. And that's,
I think a bit much, uh, dark Tetsuya says it's $49.99. They can fuck right off. I'm serious.
They can fuck right the hell off. Cause they would be different if it was like, you know,
here's the Loki. You and I both know it's going to be $49.99 for like the first month.
And that price is going to come down real fast. They can seriously fuck right off because I'm,
that is, he says IDK, actually IDK. Okay. All right. But if it's $49.99, that is way too
fucking much. $29.99 I think is going to be way too much for it. I mean, it's a fucking old ass
game and they're not like enhancing anything on it. Oh, we're throwing in the DLC. Big fucking
whoop. You can get that shit on PC. It was like a multiplayer you could do like in the same room.
Maybe Diablo is kind of going, they did in land parties. Me being a big fan of saves row. Yes. I
did play the multiplayer mode in there. It was fucking not good. It was, it's you basically it's
it's you PVE is versus a bunch of like waves of enemies and it's dumb. As she 100 Matt points out,
I like the developers are running to put their game on the switch regardless if it's old.
I understand it, but like if here's what they could have done to make sweeten the pot. Okay.
Cause saints row, the third and the fourth and even get out of hell ran basically in the same
fucking engine is pretty much the same. Almost the same assets, at least the third and fourth.
Why not just put out, Hey, here's saints row. Third through got out of hell. The saints
roll collection collection and then sell that for 49 99. That would be fucking worth it.
This shit. Not worth it. All right, well let's move on Loki. I mean, not worth it. I'll let
know the big clear, not worth it for 49 99 now, 19 99, maybe 14 99, probably a little bit better,
but eh, I'd be wary anything above that because you know, a lot of companies capcom like to charge
an exorbitant amount of money for these. Again, though, we all know it's going to come down in
price real fast. So, and it's even one of those things where like, and I know some of you might
be thinking like, God, do you like ripping off the developers by way of it's like, dude,
this game is how old I didn't tell you the port this to the switch. That was your fucking idea.
Clearly made their money back on this game or they wouldn't have made a fourth one. So I
really think anything that they're making on this is like extra, a little bonus, little extra money,
little extra something under the Christmas tree. So anyway, and the sad thing too is it's not even
coming out until next year. Okay. They're saying they have not announced a price yet is what chat
chat room has finally come to that consensus. They've not announced the price yet. All right.
Speaking of, is it worth it or not? Loki, we have an interesting change this week.
Okay. So, um, yeah, so Twitch decided that they're going to go ahead and change a bunch
of stuff that you get with the whole Twitch prime membership. So the first thing they're changing
is, Hey, you know, that all at all that ad free viewing that you had, well, that's gone.
So ad free viewing is going to cease after September 14th. Um, and basically they said,
well, the reason why we're getting rid of the ads is to, um, I guess it, to pay their creators
more money is what they're doing. So they're paying their creators. They say more money
because of this advertising is important or an important source of support for the creators
who make Twitch possible. You know, which creators it is. It ain't the creators like
little old me, the affiliates, or even some of the like, you know, partners that are out there.
It ain't for them. It's because, at least this is my perception. It's because the e-sports stuff is
really growing and growing and growing on Twitch. Overwatch league is who this is for. Those, the
partners, this is for Overwatch league and the heroes stuff. And you know, the, the Dota
tournament, even though that's a whole nother issue with the, the steam thing, uh, you know,
these types of big tournaments that are streamed over on, um, over on Twitch, I think those are
the ones that are really chomping at the bit to probably put more ads within there. Because, I
mean, these things that you're watching with like Overwatch league and you know, the heroes league
and what, all these other games that have the big league stuff streamed on Twitch, they're all like
basically like full on TV production. I gotta think though, that these guys, like a lot of
streamers I see that watch it or kind of the big time stuff. I don't think they make a lot of money
from ads anyways. I think most of that's coming from donations because I see a lot of like high
value donations coming in versus the ads. Well, a lot of the partners in response to this have
been like, I'm not gonna, don't worry guys. I'm not going to put ads, but I mean, you kind of
can't stop the ad that rolls before your stream. Well, I mean, unless you have Twitch prime
right now, uh, you don't see that ad. And if you subscribe to a channel, you don't see the ad. Like
I don't have a lot of subscribers to the Rob Roberts channel on YouTube. I don't have anybody
there. Uh, but over on Twitch, I don't have the subscribers there. Well, I have some, but to be
fair, I don't stream a lot. I don't stream enough. If I was doing it three times a week, I'd probably
be in better shape with that. But anyway, I mean, they don't see the ads when you subscribe directly.
That's also one way to get around it. Or you can get Twitch's thing that they had before Amazon
bought them, which was the turbo thing, which turbo, which is eight bucks a month. And you get
ad free with that, which is lame. Um, and then of course, on top of that too, one of the things that,
um, I assume was part of this as well was the discount off of pre-ordering games. Well,
you don't get it, you know, prime members don't get 20% off anymore. Um, off pre-order games.
Instead, you're going to get $10 back in promotional credit on select games.
I mean, that sucks, but at the same time, I think a lot of stuff on Amazon seems to be cheaper
anyways. Well, okay. Number one, I think the one, two punch of this news was a really stupid thing
to do the day after we have these huge rumors about steam TV. Yes. It wasn't smartest timing
ever. That was really bad timing on somebody's part. Also, I mean, also actually the steam TV
thing isn't even a rumor like they did. They finally did push that this week. I actually
just briefly, I was like, I wonder what this is all about. So I actually checked out the steam TV
thing and you can see that they have really worked on integrating steam into a, you know,
Twitch TV type of interface where you can kind of go watch something with your friends. It's like
a thing that you can do private chat rooms with your friends. They've worked in all the emote
icons from the trading trading decks and stuff are in that main chat and in all that, you know,
and then you can see on the side where the friends are playing, you know, the jury's still out
cause you know, we don't know what the community is going to look like on stream steam. We don't
know what they're going to be incentivizing their creators to do. Right. We know on Twitch,
you've got the bits, you have ad revenues for partners. I suppose it will be interesting to
see what steam does for that because steam also has this whole element where they are also
a store. Now we see Twitch kind of trying to compete in that element. Maybe that's why
steam wants to get in this business. I don't know. But now we see that steam, you know,
you have a steam wallet that if you've ever like used it or you've ever sold like trading cards in
the marketplace, you have probably have some spare change in your steam wallet. Wouldn't that be
interesting if you could like donate steam wallet money to your favorite streamer and put it in
their steam wallet so that streamer could turn around and either maybe cash it out at a certain
amount or buy games with it. I don't know. It just, it would seem like a very like that.
It's already kind of there in that ecosystem. Sounds so ripe for exploitation with it does.
And that, you know, again, I've had a lot of concerns with steam over the past year
when it comes to a lot of the bullshit that's been happening on their store end. And the fact
that at one point they, what they threw up their hand and said, we don't need to do curation
anymore because there should be things on the storefront that piss you off. That was the dumbest
response. Except that they're still not following through with that. There was an article I read
today. It was talking about like some of these erotic games or whatever, like risque like story
visual novel games that they were still getting pushed back or even actually the one it was that
you must be 18 to enter game. Whereas like the mock, like browsing porno sites, you know, as like
as a teenager on like, you know, dial up and stuff like that where you have to keep look,
watch out for your parents and stuff like that. And you're trying to view porn, but it's all
ASCII art. And they're like, Oh, well we need you to censor this. It's like, it's ASCII art.
That's going to be really fucking hard for me to do that. Here's the thing. I'm still pretty
dedicated to Twitch and I don't see myself leaving Twitch, but I will, I'll approach steam with an
open mind. I'm always going to approach anything with an open mind. So if steam's going to launch
this thing, I'll approach it with an open mind. But the number one thing steam is going to need
to convince me is that they know what the fuck they're doing with this. And that's going to be
more of a challenge than you might think. Right? Because my thought once again is that like,
we don't have the resources to curate our storefront. So what makes you think you have
the resources to curate your storefront and this video service? Let me go to our chat at
live.vognetwork.com. Cause this is geo 100. Matt has a lot of great feedback on this, uh, as geo
100, Matt and chat says the company I work for handles a lot of event streaming that involves
us running ads during stream sporting events. Things like what Twitch is doing are all being
done by algorithms. No actual people. It seems like partners are in control of when their ads
play, but I think that is a bad idea because it can be abused. I hope in time it will be tweaked
in some way to make their streamers and viewers happy. They already made the mistake by not
including streamers in their discussions about this stuff. If you're transparent and forthcoming
with your community and actually listen to them, they will support you. Too many companies make
moves and beg for forgiveness later. Again, that all from SSG owner to Matt. Yeah. And the talk a
little bit about what you kind of referenced it a little bit. Um, some of the streamers as,
you know, they don't like the fact that this service is going away, this ad free service. So
they're to kind of, um, combat it and protest against it. They're just shutting off their ads
like fucking, no one's getting money then, you know, I don't need it. So it'll be interesting
to see what develops like this news is not enough to make me go like, Oh, I got to get off of Twitch
or any of that. I'm not there really with this. You know, I, if it's one ad before my stream plays,
I'm not going to scream and cry and hoop and holler. It's the end of the world.
But if they start injecting ads in my stream, when I'm not able to control it,
that's when I'm going to be really pissed off and start to go. I don't think mixer has ads right
now. Yeah. It doesn't have ads. And that's the thing is Microsoft's dumping money into mixer.
I actually was randomly looking at mixer because it was, it's on your Xbox dashboard, right? And
I just had my Xbox on and there was nothing on Twitch. And I was like, I wonder what mixer's
up to these days. And I was on like the Microsoft one channel or whatever. I'm like, fuck, they got
like this whole studio set up. They got these, this nice little set up. I'm like, okay, Microsoft
is dumping money into mixer because they really want this to happen. So it would be interesting.
I know there's some people out there that prefer mixer, but you know, again, it's nice to have
options. I don't think mixer, mixer isn't wooing the little guys like me. Twitch did that. Mixers
not doing that yet. Maybe they will, but right now Twitch kind of does that. Twitch has great
discoverability and I think we'll continue to do so with the tagging, I think is a really good idea.
You know, even though the communities are going away, I get that most of the communities
were just the games, but at least the tagging will compensate for, I think the stuff that wasn't
necessarily just communities. So, or game communities. So, yeah, I'm, I'm still, you know,
okay. They're gonna change this whole ad thing, but I don't think it's the end of the world.
I'm not gonna yell the sky is falling just yet because, you know, not everybody that watches
my feed has Prime anyway, and it's still working okay. Right? So, yeah, we'll see what happens.
Let's see. Rama in chat says Microsoft has the mixer studio at their Fifth Avenue store.
So that's expensive real estate. So they really, they really want to make mixer happen.
But, you know, I found, you know, 10 years ago when you're up late at night and you've got
insomnia and it's like, I don't want to go to bed yet. You're flipping through the cable channels
and like, oh, there's a South Park rerun honors, whatever it is, you know, just flipping channels
late at night. Now it's, oh, let me go on Twitch. See who's broadcast. Let me go on mixer. What's
on? You know, like, wow, how times have changed, right? Because even on Twitch, the crazy thing is
it's not all gaming on Twitch either. I was watching because Alan was sitting there with
me and we were, you know, kind of watching TV together. And so I was on Twitch and I noticed
one of the top streamers was doing like a live ASMR and Alan's kind of into all that ASMR stuff.
I see him watching the videos and all that stuff. So I was like, look, Alan, they got one for you.
So I was watching this girl that would just do the whole like, like the tapping of the microphones.
I guess it's I'm old or something. I don't understand the ASMR stuff, but anyway.
Let's see. Bobby Black Wolf says, now when I have insomnia, I go watch Flaco playing Splatoon at
2 AM. I don't even enjoy Splatoon, but I enjoy asking Flaco about Moret Towers.
And that Dark Tetsuya says, Oh God, is Rob on the ASMR thing again?
Yes. Maybe, you know what? One of these days, maybe we'll do like a charity fundraiser or
something. And if we raise like a hundred dollars, I'll do a special ASMR. Would that be fun? Loki,
would you watch that? That is not going to be fun. I'll eat it. I'll eat a pickle on a microphone.
Yeah. Thank you. Dark Tetsuya says ASMRob. I love it. Patent pending. All right. Let's move on.
Let's talk about Assassin's Creed. Something you will not be looking forward to next year.
There is not going to be an Assassin's Creed in 2019. They're taken a year off. And I think many
of us are probably looking at this going, not a bad idea. That's okay. You go ahead and take a
year off. Although I will say this new Assassin's Creed, the Odyssey looks more interesting than an
Assassin's Creed game has to be. Guess we know when Watch Dogs 3 will be coming out or whatever
Tom Clancy game. Anyway, in an interview with GameSpot CEO of Ubisoft, Yves Guillemot. I never
say that guy's name, right? Anyway, on Assassin's, we had a game in 2017. We have one this year.
We're not going to have a full fledged Assassin's next year. Notice he says full fledged Assassin's,
but that we do know there's been download games. So they may, they may do a tiny title or something.
Anyway, it's just because the team were working separately. So we have two games now, one year
after the other, but next year, you're not going to have a fully fledged one. So confirmation not
to look forward to that in 2019. But of course, you're right. Ubisoft's got plenty of franchises.
They'll have something else to fill in the gap. I'm sure. Let's get to Loki and then we'll get to
our classic game of the week. So Gabe Newell, he recorded some announcer voices for Dota 2.
And of course, you know, they had a mega kill pack, I guess, which had him recording different
lines for the game. And it was kind of funny as, of course, they mentioned, you know, some of the
lines in there. One of the lines of kind of playing into the joke that, you know, he can't
count the three. And so, of course, it says you have more than two kills, but less than four
because he won't say three. And it's kind of funny. Okay, I get it. That's funny.
Yes, it's irritating, but it's funny. And then I guess they have that coming out
right now during the international. So that'll be part of a update, I think, coming soon.
All right. Well, we're going to go on a way trip back. You know, I know the Dota 2.
I'm sorry. Yeah. And you can get that by actually purchasing the internationals battle pass.
Oh, so it's like included with the whole like watching the tournament along. Okay. All right.
Well, you know what? There was no battle pass back in the day. You know what? There's no streaming.
There's no tournaments would be at the mall. You go to the mall and compete in the latest
tournaments. It's the classic game of the week. And it's still my voice and not talking about
radio magic. Unfortunately, radio magic got broken. And unfortunately, dark soccer, not
able to join us for the classic game of the week this week. But you know what? Once in a while,
we get to play low gear. Myself get to pick a classic game instead. So that's what we're
going to do this week where I will pick the classic game of the week. So I thought I'm
going to go way back in the archives. And I thought I would go back to the Atari 2600
for this week's classic game of the week. And something a little bit timely because
we talked about a unreleased sequel to this game some time ago. That's right. Tonight,
we're going to talk about Keystone Capers is the classic game of the week. And there's the
brilliant Atari 2600 sounds playing in the background of this game. So Keystone Capers
was made by Activision. So it had that very unique looking cartridge with like those little
rainbow trails behind the policeman that was like the main character in this game with all that
crazy art. So anyway, Keystone Capers was made by active or published by Activision. And it came out
for the Atari 2600 in April of 1983. It was also ported to other systems. So it came out on the
ColecoVision. It came out on Atari 5200, Atari 8-bit systems, and believe it or not, the MSX.
I didn't even realize MSX ever got a version of this. That's really cool. So anyhow, the
inspiration from the series is supposed to come from like those old, like really old, like silent
movies where you had like the policeman that looked more like the Bobby cops. I don't remember
what they're called, but like the London types with like the big, you know, baton and the big
hats. It's kind of inspired by that style where they're trying to catch the robber. So anyhow,
you play as a main character named officer Keystone Kelly, and you try to catch Harry
Hooligan. Now what's funny is I mentioned a mall in the whole setup to this here. That's actually
the setting for Keystone Capers is it's this giant department store. So Keystone Capers,
part of what made it unique is that you had multiple screens. So you would run, it was like
you saw this world map on the bottom. So you would see this, you know, map that showed the department
store in the four floors. And you could see a little icon representing yourself and Nikon
representing the robber. And as you move from screen to screen, you kind of got a sense that
like, Oh, this mall is department stores like 10 screens long. You know what I mean? So the robber
would slowly move or excuse me, Harry Hooligan or whatever his name is, would slowly move through
the ball and you got to catch him, but you start on the bottom and he starts kind of like in the
middle. So maybe if you time it right, you can take an elevator to catch him, or maybe you're
going to have to just try to take the escalators and outrun him. But throughout the department
store, there are things that try to chase you like killer shopping carts that try to run you over
giant balls that bounce. And if one hits you in the head, I guess you're allergic to plastic balls
or something because it stops you and you have to start all the way from the beginning. And then I
don't know what these are like radios or something that you're supposed to jump over. Toy planes,
basically all this random shit that somebody was like, Hey, we could make an Atari sprite that
would kind of look like that. And it would fit the shopping mall theme. Any enemies?
Uh, fuck. I don't know. How about a big ball?
Anyway, the designer that made this game was Gary kitchen. Gary kitchen was the older cause
remember back in the day on target 2,600 only took like one person to make a game, basically.
Uh, some of the other games that, uh, this guy made, uh, donkey Kong, the arcade port on the
Atari 2,600 pressure cooker was the other big game. And then he did some stuff on the Commodore 64,
including a game that I know I have done a previously as the classic game of the week,
Ghostbusters on the Commodore 64. He did some additional programming on that game. So it wasn't
just himself. Um, but you know, what's also really cool. The, uh, individual again, Gary kitchen
behind Keystone capers also contributed to some of your NES favorites. You ready for this?
He co-designed and programmed with David Crane, a boy in his blob trouble in blobonia. Uh,
he also did Bart versus the space mutants where he was the lead design and programmer,
and then Bart versus the world where he did design and programming. So there you go. So kind of,
it's kind of some other stuff that he worked on, which is pretty cool. So anyway, I already kind
of talked about how the game sort of plays. Uh, and you know, it's one of those things where
it gets harder and harder. There's more stuff, more killer balls, more toy planes that they throw
at you and so forth. As you progress from each board, there is no end to the game. It just gets
harder and harder and harder, but, uh, the game was well received. I know it, uh, sold very well.
It's included in a lot of Activision, uh, collections. Uh, it actually won a certificate
of a merit or acknowledgement, uh, as the 1980, excuse me, 1984 video game of the year,
less than 16 K ROM. This game is less than 16 kilobytes crazy. Anyway, that was at the
Arkie awards. Uh, Antic called this game the perfect game for anyone and commended the superb
animation in the game. And it got three stars. The ColecoVision version did in the Deseret News
for all you, uh, Latter-day Saints folks that are following what's going on in the news.
Anyway, uh, there you go. That is, uh, Keystone Capers. Now there was a sequel, of course,
that we got into a little bit last week. The sequel never came out, but we know that it would
have taken place on a train and the graphics were pretty good because now it incorporated this whole,
like very primitive version of parallax scrolling, where you were really like going through the
desert on this train and it looked really good graphic wise. So there you go. Uh, Tigerclaw
points out, you can play this game free online right here and links to one of those eighties
arcade websites that you can do that. And, uh, yeah, uh, dark Tetsuya says better hurry
before Nintendo pulls the plug on that too. Well, to be fair, this is between Atari and
Activision still try to pull the plug. No fun for anyone as the internet goes where it disappears.
One place it'll pop up again. I know this game is in that latest flashback eight console where
it teams up with Activision and Activision compiles their games and does like release.
I know I played Keystone capers on like PlayStation or, or one of those lately,
like there was a recent compilation that had it in it because Activision always piles, you know,
they, they, they do these compilations resell our game, but to be fair, they had a lot of great
shit on the Atari 2600. These are classics. They did games like pitfall and pitfall too,
or also Activision, uh, the boxing game that was really famous on Atari was, uh, by them
freeway. Um, just all these games that were really, really good on Atari,
2,600 were all Activision. So anyway, there's one for your classic game of the week,
Keystone capers on the Atari 2,600, my pick because dark Sakura unable to attend tonight,
the radio magic, the interference was just too strong. Dark Tetsuya brings up another
Activision classic in our chat over at live.vognetware.com. I dig river raid.
I think that was one of my favorites. That was a great, uh, river raid. If I remember right,
was, uh, one of the first big, big, big games like that to have a female programmer and designer
behind that. It was that or the sequel. I think it was, I think it was the original river raid
though. Of course, now that I'm on the spot, I can't remember. Did you ever play any, uh,
Atari 2,600 games, namely the Activision stuff? Um, yeah, pitfall mainly. I mean,
I didn't really have a 2,600. I had a clico, but I have the 2,600 adapter. We didn't really have
a lot of things in ET. And Carol Shaw did do the original river raid. I just, I had to look that
up. I needed to know. So combat used to play a lot of combat. That wasn't Activision though.
That was Atari. I know, but still, I know they're great. We haven't had a whole lot of Atari 2,600
stuff. It's the classic game of the week. I know, uh, dark Sakura was more of a clico, more of a,
you know, she kind of had the other systems. So once in a while we got to throw out an Atari 2,600.
There's also, um, I'm not sure if it's 10 years yet, but halo 2,600, which is an official game
that is made by one of the creators of halos. You'll have to talk to her about that. All right.
Anyway, we're going to take a break guys. When we come back, we will have more of orange launch
radio, including rapid fire news. Uh, we'll talk a little bit about Fortnite. Guess what? We get
to bring up more switch online stuff and, uh, Oh boy, you know, I love my scary games, right? Loki
and, uh, the makers of until Dawn have announced their newest project. It actually, I got to say,
it looks really cool. That doesn't mean I'll play it, but it looks really cool. So
I'm played until Dawn. Oh my God. You gotta get on that. I have it. I just haven't played it.
Cause we got a free as part of the PlayStation plus thing, but all right, we got to get on that.
All right. Anyway, uh, let's, uh, let's take a break. We'll come back with more of orange
lounge radio right after this. Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live tonight
on August the 26th of 2018 with episode number 743 of our show already in progress. Myself and
Loki here in studio dark soccer, of course, is still off on leave for a little while, uh,
due to a work conflict, but we hope to hear from her again real soon. Uh, again, we'll not be here
live. Thanks to a dragon con, but I hope to see many of you guys out there at dragon con.
Let's get back into some rapid fire news. Shall we Loki? We shall. All right. Okay.
So he seemed like you were so prepared for that. No, I got nothing else to talk about. I was just
posting a weird wizard smash ultimate reference into the, uh, God. All right. Anyways. Um, so
let's talk a little bit about Shenmue three, Shenmue one and two came out and apparently
it's Shenmue one and two, and they didn't really do a whole ton of shit with them and
make it somehow buggier and larger in file size. But
Shenmue threes, uh, right around the corner, actually about one year away.
It's scheduled now for August 19th is the release date. And, uh, I'm sorry, August, 2009, um,
August 27th, 2009, to be exact, um, PlayStation four and PC 2019. Right. Yeah.
Keeps saying 2009. Well, the game seems like it should be out in 2009, but, um, no. So August 27th,
2019. So almost actually one year away from tomorrow. So not bad to announce that. Um,
so I guess we'll have to wait and see if that's any better than the other two games because
I didn't really play them, but their views haven't been super great. I don't know. Um,
and then speaking of games in 2019, blood stained has been delayed to 2019 as well.
And this will come as no surprise, I'm sure. But the PlayStation Vita version,
it's been canceled. So I keep some, well, I can't say I'm incredibly surprised at that.
Yeah. So, uh, bloodsane though is going to be coming out next year. Of course, you know,
the Wii U version prior to this was also canceled, but they're doing a switch version. So,
Hey, maybe there's a chance for another port of the game. If PlayStation comes out with a new
handheld system, but until then, probably not. Can you believe that the game was crowdfunded in 2015?
It's been that long. Yeah, I know. Cause I'm one of the people,
one of those suckers that paid money for it back then, but yeah, I'm going to just hold out hope
that the game's real good. I hope so. I enjoyed the little eight bit game that they made. They
didn't really make that though. That was more of, um, was it the other team that did like
blaster master? And so I still liked it, whatever. All right. You didn't give, have them make more
games. They guardian legend, you know, you already know how I feel about that. That's how
it has come up on the show before. Anyway, let's talk about soul caliber six. I'm still excited
for soul caliber six, which is coming out soon. Uh, there is a brand new character finally there,
like most of the roster for soul caliber six is all like old characters, which is fine.
There's a lot of old characters that should come back, but there is finally another new character
announced for soul caliber six. It is a magician named as well, uh, a self-proclaimed leader of
humanity. So anyway, uh, as well as only the second original character in soul caliber six
after grow, which I don't know if I'm saying that right. Anyway, uh, his weapon is the palindrome.
It apparently summons other weapons out of thin air, even during his combos. Interesting. All
right. Final fantasy 15. Yeah. So anyhow, uh, what's interesting though about soul caliber six,
you know, we haven't talked about it in a while, but, uh, they're announcing some of the characters
as DLC already, including Tyra. Who's like the, the, she was the hoop girl from three.
I really liked playing as her and some people already kind of pissed off that like, yeah,
soul caliber is already like, well, the game's not going to be complete when you get it. Cause
we have all this DLC coming. So sell that season pass. So a $60 game is really going to cost a
little more like, eh, probably 80, a hundred. This is why we wait for the game of the year
edition for games like this. Anyway, uh, Bob coffee and chat says I prefer as well by his
true name, Nicholas mage is custom creator back. And I don't know if the custom character
things back in six, but maybe you can make your own anyway. Uh, moving on, let's talk about the
last remnant. That's right. You remember that game? That game is probably pushing 10 years old
itself. I think I have it in my library. It was an Xbox 360 game. I got it on steam sale one time.
I think there's like a squarey mix. I think it was Squeenix is first unreal engine game. Yes.
It was an unreal free game. I believe. I think that was what made this kind of a big deal,
but anyway, holy shit. It's like final fantasy, but unreal, man. It's going to be awesome.
The Xbox 360 version was kind of buggy. The steam version was apparently better. Um,
if you've never played the steam version, you don't have much time left to try it out.
You will not be able to buy this game anymore after September 4th, 2018, uh, in America and
Europe and September 5th in Japan. If you get a copy of the game before the cutoff,
you of course can still access it. You can still play it, but steam is removing the game on
September 4th at 10 AM Pacific time. Um, no warning has been put on the Xbox marketplace
about this. We'll see. Maybe on Monday, if Microsoft releases anything, uh, the steam
announcement also specifically is calling out the PC version of the game is getting delisted,
but again, no. Yeah. And the game is 10 years old. It was on the 360 in 2008. I thought I had it,
but I guess I don't see it. And went over to PC in 2009. No word on why, why would you, I mean,
cause I don't think it's music rights or anything like that. I don't know if maybe it's to do with
the ports and maybe the company that handled that or what. Maybe they're remastering. I don't know.
This is a game they're going to remaster. I don't know. Probably not, but, um, yeah, it's weird.
I thought I had the last room and it, maybe it's sitting in my humble bundles stuff somewhere.
Ah, who cares? It's 10 years old. Fuck it. I'm not going to play. If I had it,
it would just be sitting in my library gathering does anyway, dark to see you in chat says,
and that's why Frank is doing what he's doing. And that's the guy that I know does a lot with
the video game preservation, I think has that museum and everything. And, you know,
brings up a good point is that, and this is kind of goes back to all the ROM stuff we were talking
about some time ago is that, you know, sometimes when we're downloading games, it's not about like
quote unquote stealing games. It's about having a way to play games when rights and contracts
and digital stuff and all these other things lead to games literally disappearing. Now,
the good news about the last remnants specifically is that, you know, you'll always have the X-Box
three 60 disc. So it's not like that part's like $10, but yeah, but the steam version apparently
fixed bugs on the three 60 version, the steam version, I believe is the better version of the
game. At least from what I've heard, we will have played it. It's the better version of the game to
play. I swear I had that game. Yeah. I got to look at my humble bundle library now. All right.
Anyway, let's travel around and check out what's coming out in stores this week that will be
removed from shelves in 2028. Well, uh, I can tell you one game that's going to be coming out that,
well, there's already been removed from shelves at one time and that would be the blob too.
They're doing the remaster though for that. And so that's going to be coming out this week on the
Nintendo switch, um, blade strangers, which is on PC switch and PlayStation four. That was that
fighting game. That was by the guys that did guilty gear. Um, the game I've been looking
forward to, if you're a fan of Katamari, you'll definitely dig this donut country. It's coming
out on PC, Mac, PlayStation four and hype in this game a little bit. Yeah. It's going to be awesome.
So I'm definitely looking forward to checking that out. Um, a game called Fern's gate on the
switch and PlayStation four, a new PlayStation VR game firewall zero hour. Um, we also have
monster hunter generations ultimate on Nintendo switch pro Evo soccer 2019 on PC PlayStation four
and Xbox one strange brigade on PC PlayStation four and Xbox one, Victor Vran overkill edition
on Nintendo switch. Um, Yakuza, Kiwami two on PlayStation four. And then we have penguin wars
on PlayStation four, the messenger on PC and the switch and two, let's see, two point hospital on
PC, Mac and Linux, which I believe that was a followup to one point hospital. No, I think
that's a fun, if I remember correctly, that's a followup to like, maybe it was it life and death
or something like that. Um, Oh, I don't remember. I, there was something that I thought it was like
a followup to is that the hyper realistic surgical game from like the nineties that was on CD rom.
Maybe that was talking about, um, wasn't there a game called life and death that was, am I crazy?
Maybe it's sim hospital or something like that. I don't know. It's a hospital game, obviously,
but, um, I thought it was a followup to something. I remember hearing about it,
but I know life and death was like, um, it was a 1998 or excuse me, 1988 game for the software
tool works. It was a realistic medical computer game. That was the game life. So, okay. This game,
not that it's basically, yeah, it's a follow up to theme hospital. That's what it was. I'm sorry.
So basically, dang, life and death. That was kind of a fucking title form. Was it, uh,
appendectomies and we did it wrong. Play tic tac toe on the appendix. And that does that.
This kills the patient. Wow. It was only later on that I'd find out that surgeon simulator is my
game to go to for that type of thing. Um, anyways, so yeah, this is going to be basically a game
where you, uh, own a private, you privately owned hospital with the goal of curing patients
of fictitious comical ailments. So see as yeah, theme hospital followup. And then finally,
which MXC gets a cookie in our chat room for getting that right. He, he called out theme
hospital long before you got to it. And then finally we have a Naruto to, um,
burrito, shinobi striker. So Naruto to burrito and it's a fighting game.
Naruto burrito. It's a strange name. That's my drag name. Please welcome to the stage.
Naruto burrito. Anyway, uh, let's move on and talk about Japan. Guess what? Naruto to burrito.
Shinobi striker is also out in Japan this week. So, uh, Naruto knows no brown, no bounds. Uh,
also a game called world and syndrome on the PS four little dragons cafe is also out on the
PlayStation four. And, uh, this is a game getting like regular limited edition sound box, like all
these different types of additions. It's a game called side Vario delta. It's a shmup. Basically.
It's one of those like vertical scrolling, shoot them up type games, which sadly a lot of those
don't really make their way over here, but, uh, that is, that is apparently a big release on
PlayStation four this week. Uh, also though on a PlayStation four this week, that will be a big
deal winning 11, 2019, which of course is the soccer, a big series over there, uh, by Konami,
uh, pro Evo soccer, same thing as winning 11 in Japan. Uh, blade strangers is another release,
uh, over in Japan from Piki comes out, uh, this coming week on August the 30th, uh, quickly looking
at the switch to see if we have any big releases this week. That side very, our Delta is also on
the switch this week, uh, as is the blade strangers and a tennis world tour. If you're a tennis person,
let's let, let's head over to Europe. Loki. Yes. So this week we have monster hunter generations
ultimate on the switch, the blob to remastered on the switch victim ran overkill edition on the
switch, uh, strange brigade on PlayStation four and Xbox one Yakuza, Kiwami two on PlayStation
four, uh, firewall zero hour on PlayStation VR, uh, pro Evo soccer 2019 on PlayStation four and
Xbox one Naruto to burrito shinobi strikers. Well, it is a Naruto fighting game, just so you know,
um, that is coming out as well in PlayStation four and Xbox one SSJ who wanted her mat once
us to know. Baruto is Naruto son for those not in the know. The more you didn't realize
he was old enough to have a son. I mean, he looks so young. Uh, Naruto had sex.
Redo be fucking.
They grow up so fast and they have their own children. Oh my God.
Um, and then also we've got divinity original sin to definitive edition on PlayStation four
and Xbox one, a game called punchline on, um, the PS four, uh, shadows awakening on PlayStation
four, Xbox one and PC. And that'd be it. Ramo would like to clarify. There was a time jump
and burrito takes place about 20 years later where he be fucking.
Let's get to the mailbag. I have, I have no good transition. Let's go fuck the emails.
Fuck those emails. Participate at orange lounge. Radio.com is the place where you can send us an
email and we read our favorites here, uh, live on air at, uh, the show. So of course, uh,
we're going to be off for a week. I mean, if you're naming your child,
what name should I give him? How about burrito? That is an original name. That's stupid.
Name him something different. That one, that would have been like, your name is Matt. People
may not know, but your actual name is Matt. And if you'd name your kid, Pat, Matt and Pat, would
you, would your wife have let you do that? No, it would have been stupid, but it's even stupider if
like, it'd be like saying like, hello, this is Jeremy and meet his son bear me. I mean,
I'm pretty sure I follow somebody on Twitter named bear me,
but it means something very different than usually it doesn't mean you're the son. It
means you're the dad. Just so you know. Anyway, uh, I like Bobby Michael. That's just a theory,
a naming theory. I caught that reference as well. Can I get to the goddamn email? Yes.
Fuck those emails. All right. Our email tonight is unsigned. Uh, and it comes from it's,
it's unsigned. And I don't even know if I want to read it. We'll say K T Y because that's kind
of in the, the title of the Katie. I sure we'll say it's from Katie. All right. So it'd be Karuto.
You never know. All right. Karuto fine. Karuto. Karuto sends us an email that says this is,
this is email the century right here. You ready? Dear Loki, I love you. At least somebody does.
Also dark Sakura. I love you. Well, she's, she's not here to hear that unfortunately,
but you can always send her tweet or something. She'll project. We'll sit,
we'll pass along that I love. Uh, and finally, Rob, you're all right.
J K I love you too. Oh, thank you. That is all. Have a nice day. Oh, thank you. And that's the
email we got this week. All right. Well, that's, that's awesome. No questions. No, just, just,
just a little. I'm not, I'm actually not making fun of that. I, I, I appreciate that somebody
took the time out of their day to write that I do as active puts in the chat room, Rob,
Buto and Lakuto and the special guests that runs in and out of here. Mr. Smoosh, Ruto, Smoosh.
You too. Yes. Yeah. Bobby Blackwolf in chat says it's always good just to tell content
creators. You appreciate them. You know what? That is, that is true. That stuff holds some weight.
You know, it's no secret that the beginning of this show tonight was, was challenging.
But when you get an email like that, it's kind of goes, okay, this is, this is why I pushed through.
This is why we talk about, you know, the heavy stuff as well as the Naruto burritos of the world.
Like what a show this has been tonight. You, you can probably take two clips from this show
and people would not think it's the same show, but that's the way it works sometimes. Sometimes
this show can put you in a better mood than you were before. And I think that's probably one of
the best things about doing it. And I hope that comes through in listening to it as well. Anyway,
so I agree with Mr. Blackwolf in our chat, that it is always just great to tell content creators
that you appreciate them. And let me tell you listeners, I appreciate you. And that email,
even if it was unsigned and I can't really credit you beyond your given name, Karuto,
I appreciate you for sending that as well. And I love you too.
All right. Let's get into some more emails. And if you want to send us an email, I'm sorry,
we're going to get into more news, but if you want to send us an email for a future week,
when we get back from our week off for Labor Day, participate at orangelauntrady.com is the
place to send those emails. So let's get back into some gaming news and then we'll get you
your calls. Loki. All right. Let's talk about another game they don't play, Fortnite. But hey,
it is the popular game of the week, month, year. So you'll be happy to know if you play
Fortnite competitively, that there is some updates coming for you. Epic has made a statement saying
that we are aware of the strong desire from competitive players for more opportunities to
compete directly against one another within the same match. Development recently began
for a robust competition system, which will allow for all players to compete with one another and
be recognized for other accomplishments. So we have a lot to learn from experiments
with scoring schemes and formats, attempting to find the best balance between simplicity,
entertainment, server performance and competitive integrity. Expect for us to continue operating
and supporting competitive events after the conclusion of the summer skirmish as we lead
into next year's official Fortnite World Cup. Neat. Cool story, bro. Cool story PR guy.
No, look, I tried to play Fortnite. Maybe I'll try Fortnite again sometime. I don't know. I just
need to play with the right people. I think the problem was I played Fortnite by myself and I was
like, I literally have no fucking idea what I'm doing. Like, I might as well have been wearing
a bucket on my head, running around in circles going, I'm going to kill you with my wooden spoon.
Like that, that was my Fortnite experience because there's like no tutorial or anything to help you
in Fortnite. You just, you got to get good, bitch. Get good. Yeah. And, uh, I have a hard time getting
good. I'm 40. You need, I, I, you need to explain things to me. I don't have time for getting good.
Exactly. I don't know how much time I have left. I don't have time to get good. It's not like my old
job where I could play during lunch and then I got really good, but it's, it's my current job,
which our internet sucks. I can't play during lunch, unfortunately. Um, act Efton chat says
Fortnite with friends is so much fun. Alone is really difficult. Yeah. I kind of, I don't doubt
that that's the case to be honest. Um, and of course with Fortnite, there's this whole meta
thing that goes on. Um, they've got this rift that's been appearing in the game and now
apparently the rift has begun shooting lightning out and then finally the rift closed and a giant
cube has appeared and no one knows what the fuck the cube is, but I'm sure as Peter Molyneux will
be, uh, making a game to help us figure out what's in the cube. Remember I, did you like
that? Throwback in the center of the cube will be a Patreon. The center of the queue was a kickstart.
What the fuck was it in the center of the queue? It was like a Kickstarter or something. No,
the center of the cube was supposed to be, you got money for his stupid or from his stupid game that
he had out. I don't remember what it was. You were like the owner of the game. I got to make
decisions and you got revenue from the game. Oh right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was just like,
which did anybody hear about that game? That was stupid. Yeah. Okay. And no one gives shit. Um,
so no, what's in the center of the cube though, surprisingly enough, it's another remaster of
Skyrim in the center of that cube. I swear to God, no, we have to, we have to talk about
Peter Molyneux's fucking cube again because I swear to God, it was a Kickstarter that was like,
I know the guy got, but it was like a kid. The whole thing was a fucking Kickstarter.
No, they had a Kickstarter. Okay. No, he had a Kickstarter for his other game. So he did that.
But then he also had this stupid cube thing, which everybody's like, what's in the cube?
And then it just arbitrarily ended after people, I guess, mined away at it because it was like,
you know, you could buy stuff, the mine faster. So yeah, it sort of, I guess it was a Kickstarter
thing where they're earning tons of money towards it, but then it was just the crappy
goddess or whatever it was. Okay. So I finally found, so goddess, thank you.
Chat goddess came out, which G G O D U S, but I'm saying goddess, even though I'm not referring to
the show that they present in the show girls movie, cause no me Malone does star in goddess,
which would be an infinitely better game. I'm telling you. I mean,
I mean, if you open it up and it was no me Maloney, like fuck. Yeah, that was worth it.
Oh my God. Why hasn't anyone made show girls the game? Why is this not, but we, we,
where's telltale? Somebody get telltale on the line. We have had no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Fuck this shit. We have had the drastic park. We've had Batman. We've had walking dead.
The type of controversial content we need on steam. You know what we need? The one thing
that can bring gamers together in the year 2018 telltale games presents show girls the game
in five different episodes. Absolutely. I'm so, Oh God, I'm sorry. Each of the episodes
can take place in different locations, different places. You might say, yes. The first,
first episode back East where back East different places. You guys, if you've never seen the movie
show girls, I it's so bad, but it's so bad that it's kind of, is that a show that they do live?
Why isn't that a thing that we do at dragon con? Why isn't there like a panel room that we do for,
who do I have to call it? Dragon con to like get a room for two hours where we're going to do a
screening of show girls and just get super drunk and cackle at how bad show girls is. That's a
thing I need to happen. That's just like a meetup. I guess you could do, I guess anyway. Um,
anyways, before we got off on weird tangents. Oh yeah. The goddess, the game. Yes. We never,
it did come out in 2013 and has a whopping five of a 10 rating on steam. It's because it's garbage.
It has anyone understood that Peter Molyneaux is full of shit when it comes to his hyping of games?
Well, he made a good game called black or white a long time ago and fable was pretty good too.
But every time the dog, the dog is going to be fucking epic. It's a fucking AI dog. It doesn't,
it's stupid. Oh, you can pet that dog. Who gives a shit? Um, I don't know, but whatever. So anyways,
giant alien cube. Don't know what it's going to be, but eventually, you know, I'm sure we'll find
out what the hell does alien cube is all about and it'll be some sort of update or patch or
new mode or whatever who gives a shit. So that's going to be coming out at some point soon.
And of course with fortnight though, they are trying to get you to turn on two factor
authentication and what's kind of cool is if you do turn it on, you get your own emote for doing
that. So that's pretty cool. Uh, Bobby in our chat room would like to point out goddess costs more
than the last remnant on steam right now. Just, just in case you're wondering, it's garbage.
It's fucking garbage. All right, well, uh, Loki is probably going to keep right on that
attitude when we talk about another story involving switch online service. So here's
the deal. It was apparently confirmed that you will be able to use voice chat with the NES games
on the switch online mobile app. You know, if you're not figuring out discord by now or anything,
we have already heard that the Diablo three eternal collection will support switch online
mobile app for the voice chat in the game. Uh, that would be the second confirmed game beyond
splatoon two. Also any S games are going to do the same. And that is according to Nintendo's
official websites. This isn't rumors or anything. Uh, in the little, uh, section on the website,
it says with online play added to every classic game, you can compete or cooperate online with
friends, share your screen. That one's kind of different to a little new, uh, or pass the
controller depending on the game. That's something too low key where maybe what they're doing with
the one player games is that you can kind of, if you're having problems getting past a certain
part, you let your friend take over for a bit, clear that part and then take it back. Which,
although that is something that's already done on, uh, Playstations immediate that, that thing on
the PlayStation share play, even though it's already done on share play, uh, Nintendo is
going to have something like that too, which is fine. That's fine. That's cool for Nintendo,
uh, at least for the classic NES games, not confirming that for all games, just the classic
NES games. Uh, and then it says with the Nintendo switch online smartphone app, you can also voice
chat during your play sessions. So there you go. Uh, if you feel like downloading the app on your
phone to get ready for that, that's fine. Uh, again, I will point out, um, not only do we have
a discord that has chat rooms in it, um, probably a lot of people, you know, have their own discord
chords with chat rooms in them that I think a lot of people are using instead, but we'll see,
maybe there'll be an update to that Nintendo app that just makes it, Oh my God, amazing.
But, um, yeah, not gonna, not gonna hype that up. If, if we exist in a world where Fortnite didn't
exist on the switch and then we weren't aware that the switch was actually capable of running voice
chat through the switch, I might be fine with that, but we don't live in that world. We live
in a world where it fucking works with Fortnite, a completely more graphically intensive game that
uses much more of the processing power for the game. You're telling me that a fucking NES ROM,
with multiplayer, can't fucking handle voice chat through the God. It's so stupid. I get it. It's
an API or something that they're allowing people to support through their stupid app. But it seems
like it's almost like an excuse to say, Hey, look, we have an app. Ooh, we have this app. You don't
need the fucking app because guess what? The system's capable of doing it, but yet for some
stupid way, we got to make it really fucking difficult for you to do. It's like, how the fuck
am I supposed to patch in the audio from people talking? Like I got to get fucking splitter
between two different sources. It's stupid. It is goddamn stupid. I get it. There's other
things we could use in place of it, but why should we be using other things in place of it?
Just use the actual service that they have. I don't understand what the point is. It's dumb.
Sorry. In chat, we're making up titles for your second rant tonight.
That's only the second one? Come on. It's been more than two.
Start it. So you started off Loki rant to electric boogaloo. So I followed that up with
Loki rant to the secret of the ooze. Look, you ran to back in the habit. Loki rant to
burritos quest like Simon's quest, but anyway, forget it. All right.
Let's move on. You've got the next story actually, Loki. So take it away.
Okay. So let's talk a little bit about Pokemon. And we mentioned earlier when we were talking
about Switch that they do non-gaming things sometimes. And one thing they've been doing
is these long television marathons. And so they're doing that again, this time with the
Pokemon series, they're actually going to be streaming the first 932 episodes as well as,
I believe 16 movies in this as well. It made so many fucking Pokemon movies. Oh my God.
Yes. Like every legendary has their own movie. 16 movies. But they're doing something on top
of that, which is kind of cool. And I'm kind of sad that I can't really participate for a long
time in this, but during the actual marathon, they're going to have Pokemon pop up on the
screen. And if you mouse over them, you can catch them as like, you're doing like, um,
almost like you're catching, you have your own pokey decks and stuff like that.
And you can play that. So that's kind of cool. So yeah, they're going to be, um, doing,
geez, quite a few things. I don't know if they're playing the movies right after everything,
or they're just kind of integrating that together. But, um, it says apparently,
yeah, they're going to, it's going to be, how long is this going to go?
I'm going to have to be a couple months for that many episodes and movies. It's going to be awhile.
Oh yeah. The live stream says we'll begin August 27th and last into 2019. Oh my God. Yeah. No
surprise. No surprise. Uh, looking in chat at live.vognetwork.com. Uh, Bobby Blackwell says,
uh, Twitch actually has two channels that just do TV marathons. We just don't report on most
of them. They did Knight Rider and nobody said a thing. Yeah. I actually just randomly had it
on the other day. They were doing Korean dramas. Like, I don't know if I was on the right Twitch,
like the main one or whatever, but like it was just on my front page of suggested stuff.
And I was like, uh, they were, they were doing Korean dramas, but with English subtitles and,
you know, Korean dramas are kind of great. So I actually did watch a little bit of the one I was
like the way, the way they're kind of edited, they're kind of like the best things about
telenovelas as well as like, you know, the stuff we do here with like this whole other, like
dramatic spin put on them. So yeah, Korean dramas are great. So the marathon is this,
it'll start 1 PM Eastern time on August 27th and says, um, with episode one of the Indigo
league series or season. And apparently with that says from there, they're going to run for eight
hours Monday through Thursday with Friday and Saturday reserved for reruns and the movies
airing every Sunday at one. And then, um, with that, I guess, yeah, they have this Pokemon badge
collector. So that's that whole thing where you'd be able to, uh, collect Pokemon by filling out
your pokey decks, by clicking the icons that appear on the screen at certain times, this is
each one gives you a certain amount of points, more points earned, uh, for rare Pokemon. And
says, while these points will feed into an overall leaderboard, it's not clear what it's for. Neat.
All right. Go ahead. I guess. All right. Uh, let's talk about a new game and this is, uh,
a new game that is going to be from the makers of Until Dawn. That's that the creators of Until
Dawn are coming back with a series called the Dark Pictures Anthology. Uh, Supermassive Games,
of course, is the developer behind Until Dawn and they are launching what's called the Dark Pictures
Anthology. It's a collection of various self-contained titles that will take on different
horror genres. They're not saying if this is connected to the Until Dawn universe or not,
they kind of have a very similar look. It looks like they're doing that same type of
capture of the actors and actresses. It kind of reminds me that when they were talking about it,
it kind of sounds like, um, American horror story almost. Yeah. Like it's like, it's like a serial
basically, but like different. Yeah. So it's kind of cool. Well, the first game in this anthology
is going to be called Man of Medan and it's going to be in 2019 when this comes out. And it's a
group of Americans who find a ghost ship, which will have the game's namesake vessel while they
are on a diving trip to a World War II wreck. And they will find out that they are not alone
in this deserted vessel. Now, just like you kind of got used to an Until Dawn, every character in
the game can live or die depending on how you play. Uh, no pressure whatsoever. So it can just,
it can be a very, very sad short film when everybody dies or it can be very happy because
everybody will live. So there you go. Anyway. Um, they're not saying how many games they're going
to put in this anthology. I think they're leaving it open-ended. Uh, but Pete Samuels,
who's the head of Supermassive said there are 39 stories they would like to represent within,
you know, now I don't think they're going to do that many. That's a lot of games, but you know,
they, they have a, a nice, nice brainstorming list to pick from. So we'll see what else comes
out in that. So yeah, dungeon buster and chat at live.vognetwork.com says that the horror
anthology sounds like a neat approach and it's going to be cool that it's going to be
multi-platform too. Yes, it is. Multi-platform will not be limited to PlayStation this time.
It's going to be also on PC and Xbox one. I just hope they get back to, um,
another rush of blood game. Cause I need another rush of blood game.
Well, I don't even think Supermassive did anything really with that. Maybe
the site beyond assets. I'm pretty sure somebody else must have developed that.
I still want more. And you know what? I'm fine with even taking not necessarily that,
but like the whole rollercoaster gun range game. I'll take that. I'll just take another of that.
Whatever. I would just take Pokemon snap and VR. Yeah. Oh my God. Pokemon snap too, too,
too bad. We're talking about a Nintendo game on a Sony thing, but like a Pokemon snap game
with that type of like VR thing, it would be pretty awesome. How about brutal Mon snap?
You know, um, one of the things that I remember, I don't remember this as a story we talked about,
but data miners did go into some of the Nintendo switch firmwares and they're still mentioning
stuff of VR in there. So, Oh yeah. I've heard about, I don't know. I can't imagine with
the screen that they have right now that that would be too good. Um, but I feel like that's
one of those things where if they go to a switch deluxe or a switch thing in the future, maybe
that'll be the thing is like the, this, the turbo powered switch will be a switch VR. Maybe Nintendo
is leaving themselves some options. Maybe they're waiting to see how VR gets adopted or what they
can do with it. So maybe that's one door that they're leaving opened a little bit. You know,
maybe they won't do it for the next system, but they probably have some different ideas
out there right now. Yeah. All right. Uh, let's just do a couple more stories and we're going
to open up the Skype line at orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype. All right. Well,
let's talk about a new Kickstarter game. I know we all love talking about Kickstarter games,
but this one's called super patriotic dating simulator because there's dating simulators
about everything. But apparently this is the first, um, they said it's the first generation
Iranian American. Uh, they're talking about Carly as Malali, um, who apparently worked at cards
against humanity. So, you know, kind of already the type of humor that you might expect in a game
like this. Um, but to long story short, it's basically, um, dating members of ISIS to kill
them. It's kind of weird. Like you fuck them to death, I guess. I don't really know what,
um, yeah. Video games are sure art, aren't they? Yes. Let me read some of these screenshot quotes
because this is awesome. And this is, was it Cali? I'm just worried you might be using me.
I'm tired of casual sex and beheadings. I want something that's meaningful,
something that will last only then will I give you my gift or let's, uh, this way.
It's just a heavy Simtar and I get pretty sweaty practicing my moves. Do you think it's too much?
Excuse me for being so juicy in front of you. Can somebody just clip that?
Oh yes. So we can put that in a future YYR game or something. I don't know. All right.
So it's just, I think it's just, it's like a dating Sim parody. That's just like,
it's satire obviously. And it's just more of, um,
it's just weird sense of humor. I think it's let's, let's just be, let's just not kid ourselves.
It's kind of garbage. It's just some garbage going on Kickstarter. That's getting everybody
talking because it's like fucking crazy. Can we get, how fucking crazy can we get?
And so we got really high pigeon. This is what came up. We thought dating pigeons was
the barrel bottom. I guess that's true. All right. Well, before we get to the Skype line,
let's talk about video game sales. And so the NPD numbers for July, not that sales are everything,
but remember in June it was kind of interesting because the classic NES was the top selling
system of the month. Well, that did not happen this time. This time, the Switch, I believe was
the best-selling piece of hardware. Yes. Based on units sold and dollar sales. So it is back on top.
PlayStation 4 is still the best-selling console year to date. Xbox One is still up 60% year to
date and 50% in July. So, you know, everybody's kind of doing pretty well there. And what's also
kind of the real part worth mentioning here, the top-selling game of July, 2018, I would say is a
little bit surprising. The top-selling game of July was Octopath Traveler on the Switch. So,
you know, this was a title that I think was a little more experimental in nature by Square.
So I think needless to say, it's mission successful. I'm glad to do well. Not to downplay it,
but July is a very slow month. But, I mean, it's nice to see that that game did well because I
would like to see more games like that come out. Yeah. Well, the second best-selling title for July
was Grand Theft Auto 5. Still, all this time later. I mean, keep adding stuff to it. Well,
those games just never gonna die. It sells and sells and sells and sells. And then number three,
Mario Kart 8. Again, how long has that game been out? And it's still selling like crazy.
I'm surprised. Number four, the Crash Bandicoot Insane Trilogy. Number five,
Zelda Breath of the Wild. As people are getting these switches, they're buying the must-have
games. Number six, Far Cry 5. Number seven, Super Mario Odyssey. Number eight, The Crew 2. Number
nine, Tom Clancy Rainbow Six Siege. And number 10, Mario Tennis Aces. So, I mean, you kind of have
a mix of like some new stuff, but then like just stuff that's been up there for a long, long time.
I'm trying to look down the list. They have the top 20 and 19 is Minecraft. Still,
still like who doesn't own Minecraft at this point? They just, well, Minecraft, I mean,
they were releasing new updates and everything. True. So they just have the, you know, aquatic
update. And so that kind of pushed it a little up to the forefront. By the way, did you do any
looking into a Realm stuff? Cause I remember we were talking about that. I didn't end up,
cause I ended up going out after the show last week. So I didn't really get into the Realm stuff.
And then I was thinking about doing it tonight, but I'm off to DragonCon in like two days.
So I don't want to start it now. So unfortunately is going to need to wait till I get back from
DragonCon. But then I pro I was thinking about it and I was like, Oh, I do. I want to get that
started. But then it was like, well, maybe I'll do that after OLR on Sunday. And then I was like,
wait a minute. That would be like a horrible time to start it. Cause you'll come back in like four
days and Loki will have ruined everything while you were gone. I'm just joking. I'm joking. But
you know what I mean? Like, it's like, Oh, I will have had hardly any time to play. So we'll do that
when I get back. We only built the giant snowman death machine one time.
All right. We are going to open up the Skype line. It is open now for your calls at orange
lounge radio, all one word on Skype. If you want to give us a call and talk about anything we've
talked about tonight, or maybe you have something else you'd like to bring up. Maybe there's a new
story we haven't touched on yet that you want to talk about. Orange lounge radio, all one word on
Skype. It is open now. While we see if anybody's going to call in tonight, Loki, do you have any,
remember this your last chance for two weeks? Uh, Loki, do you have any last minute stories
or things we haven't talked about yet? Um, I did not at the moment have anything to talk about.
Well, lucky you, cause we're getting a phone call coming in. So hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this? Hola, it's orange lounge radio. Your audio is not working. We cannot hear you.
Have you tried turning it off and then on again?
I did uninstall a Pokemon go and it seems to work better now. Did it really? Yeah. Hopefully
that person will see, you know, give it more. Yeah. You wait, wait until you're trying to
run remnant. I know I bought this. I remember having it, but maybe I'm stuck on this. Are
you sure it wasn't on the three 60? I thought about that. Maybe I got it free with like the
games of the gold stuff. And so maybe that's what I'm thinking of. Was it a games of gold thing?
Is it backwards? But this may have been before they were backwards compatible. Maybe I'm not
sure. It was, um, yeah, I don't see it unless it's under L and last word. No, no. Apparently
you don't have it. Maybe I did have it, but Oh, well who cares? A little late now. It's 10 bucks.
That's too much for me to pay for a 10 year old game. Uh, are there any, uh, I'm trying to think
like what's on my steam wishlist these days. I still feel like I have some games on there that I
want to get around to playing, but you know, I just, a lot of stuff that I think is on my
steam wishlist is stuff that I own on console. I want to get in the streaming, but I don't have
a place to do that. And that's my problem right now. So, um, I thought about moving everything
into the garage, but I don't want to sit on the garage. Yeah, well we did orange launch radio in
a garage for a long time. Remember your garage wasn't as bad as my garage. It was at least had
that garage where the, the shell or the, um, bench that I have work bench, the cat box is right
underneath it. So that's nice. And also right now my work bench is covered with my 3d printer stuff,
which is all over the place. And so, yeah, didn't do anything with that 3d printer either,
which is unfortunate because it was like, Oh yeah, I'm going to build a console like the switch.
Then I got switched. I'm like, well, I don't have to do that anymore. Oh yeah. I'm going to use it
to build DDR pets. Then I got DDR machine. Well, don't need to do that anymore. Well,
shit. I don't know what I'm gonna use this for anymore. So yeah, well, um, my number one, uh,
my wishlist right now is donut country. So I'll probably pick that up. You know, obviously next,
I can't find my wishlist on the mobile app. Can you not access your wishlist?
I still have monsters and monocles on my wishlist. I should probably pick that up because,
you know, we want to support local indie developers. And that game, he, I don't think
they've ever put it on sale, but you know what? I, I'm kinda, I'm, I'm okay with that. Like,
I think especially for like, especially indie devs, like I'm okay. If you want to make that
decision that you're never going to put your game on sale, like, you know, buy it for this or don't
buy it. Yeah. Don't sit around and wait for something. As you 100 Matt points out, I will
watch a Loki stream of anything. All right. I'm going to hope that some calls get in. I'm going
to give it one more chance here. Orange launch radio, all one word on Skype. It's just, I can't,
I could stream stuff, but I wouldn't be able to talk over it because I would be,
um, getting in the way with, it would be too loud. All right. Let's try this again. Hi,
you're on orange launch radio. Who's this? I hate Skype with a passion. We have made it.
How are you buddy? I'm pretty good. I, I'm kind of frazzled about today. Not really shell shocked,
but it's just got me reflecting. I think that's a good word for it. Reflective. Yes. Yes. Well,
what's on your mind? What did you want to call about tonight? Oh, three things. One,
let's get the giant pink elephant out of the room. Cause I'll make this as quick as possible
in regards to something that I posted on my fan page. I remember, you know, as a kid playing
Nintendo friends coming over playing Nintendo cousins coming over and playing Nintendo,
we would do our own home tournament thing and stuff. And yeah, we'd get mad,
throw controllers. We fight, you know, I mean, but then we realize, you know,
stop, relax, you know, it's just a game. We'd apologize. And we continue playing. It's like,
and as we got older, it was like, yeah, we did this, but we always threw our fists up. It was
no reason, you know, for this, you know, and I, that's what got me like reflecting and I'm seeing
what's going on. It's like the times are changed. It's like, you lost, take the L, move on. I get
it. I understand it, but I sure as fuck do not agree with what happened. There are better ways
to handle this much better ways. I just, you know, that the asshole took his own life. So we can't
even ask what the fuck were you thinking? You know, he's a fucking coward, plain and simple.
And there's a meme going around. They're saying, don't mention his name, call him what he is,
bitch boy. And you know what? That's exactly what I call him.
I, yeah, I don't, yeah, I don't feel like glamorizing him or his name or anything like
that, you know, especially during this time. It's just, it's just, but I think like you,
I just have so many questions. Like, I'm just so frustrated that, you know, this guy, you know,
did what he did and then isn't gonna, you know, does, does this where he can't answer questions
that we can try to prevent it again? Like, what made you even fucking think that this was a
rational response to a situation? You know what I mean?
To what you were saying before about, you know, this coming into our community,
this has been on the edge of our community for a while. We're going back to the, to the two guys
that threatened to shoot up a Pokemon tournament in Boston. And thankfully the police followed that
and stopped them. Let us not forget that you had that one cracked out dude who wanted to go after
Jason David Frank at that Comic-Con. And now I'm hearing rumblings in the cosplay community that,
Oh, they're going to get, they're getting all upset because, because what's going on
is there'll be more security at the, at the convention centers and the hotels.
And they're not going to be able to take, bring their props and certain stuff in. And I'm like,
as a friend of mine said, if you are more concerned about the fact that you cannot bring
your prop into a location because of security issues, you need to get out of the community
in a heartbeat. You just need to go because it's not about you. It's about everybody else.
Yeah. I it's, it's just a prop. And honestly, if you took a big fluorescent plastic sword or
whatever, whatever that is they're banning, you know, I think people would understand
what it's supposed to represent and not like, you know, people are not going to be like,
Oh, I can't believe they didn't have something lifelike with what's going on in the world today.
You know, do a photo shoot or something where you can do those things, you know,
you can, you'll be, your Instagram will be fine. Yeah. And the last thing I want to say
real quick before I get out of here, in regards to Twitch and the different things that's on there,
one of our staffers, one of our co-hosts, Ichigo, she goes on Twitch from time to time,
under the creative section, does a live stream of her work in progress of her cosplay. So that's
really cool. Oh yeah. Yeah. I've heard costume makers and costume processing and stuff is a,
is another kind of side to Twitch. That's pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. Cause you know,
as I'm going to conventions and stuff, I'm like, I would like to jump on Twitch and
unlike Ari, I'm not going to, I really can't sit here and play video games all day. I mean,
I could probably do a stream of me, you know, working in Lightroom and talking to people as I'm
editing these photos or just taking out the laptop and running a live stream of the conventions
masquerade and just stuff like that, which is really cool, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. I, there's, there's a lot of experimental stuff you can do on Twitch. And I think that
side of it's just really going to grow, you know? Definitely. And let's see where it takes us,
you know? Absolutely. Who knows what might show up on Twitch in the future. Anything's possible.
All right. We'll see you later, my friend. Take care. One more thing before I go. I just
need one quick favor for you. Yeah, of course. Have a drink for me this weekend.
For you, buddy. I'll have two. I love you, man. All right. Take care, my friend.
Bye. All right. We'll see if anybody else wants to get, that was the call I was trying to get in
earlier, but we'll see if anybody else wants to get in real quick. Orange Lounge Radio,
all one word on Skype. Um, anything you wanted to talk about that you found during the call there?
No, I'm just reading up on Minecraft Realms. Oh, really? It's actually up to 11. Well,
it's total 11 players. If you get the jumbo one, it's 11. You can only, or is it that many people
at once? Or you can only invite 11 players simultaneous. Okay. How many people can you
invite? I don't think there's a limit. Oh, that's good. Okay. Cause I don't want to be limited.
Cause we never really did get that high concurrent player. So everyone plays at a different time
usually. Right. But then the other thing too, that would be different now than when you had
your own Minecraft server was that, you know, you kind of had to have that older Java edition
of Minecraft, you know, which was all that you had at the time, because you had to have that.
But now like with the realms, that's how you connect, not just PC Java version. Yeah. With
the realms too, if you can, but I'm not going to separate. I'm not going to be because I want to
be able to have the switch people with the windows 10 people with the X-Box people, sorry, PlayStation
people, but that's Sony's problem. So, you know, everything, everything else have that all
connected and, you know, so that people can play on whatever their devices. Cause I imagine there's
a lot of people that are only playing Minecraft, like on the switch, you know, or only playing it.
It's all the tablet and mobile stuff is all integrated to my kids play. Although my son
doesn't really know how to play. He just kind of wonders. Well, actually, no, I take that back.
I'm gonna see my oldest son, Josh. He's been playing on his tablet. I'm like, why aren't
you playing on your computer? We got you a brand new laptop that runs my craft really well.
You have an X-Box one controller. Why aren't you playing it on that? Like, I'm like, whatever.
I don't want to play. So he's playing on his, um, I actually, I don't know if he's been,
he's been playing it both on the tablet and on the switch. And he has like this, he built a bank with
like, um, security cameras and stuff like that that he made and stuff. So he's been having fun
with that. So once we get it set up, I'll have to invite him. All right. Well, uh, I guess that's
going to do it for the show tonight. No other calls are coming in and we're going to be wrapping
it up here for two weeks. We'll be back in a couple of weeks as dragon con is this weekend.
I'm really excited about it. I wish you could go, Matt, but I understand why I wish I could go to.
I know, but you got maybe when the kids are 18. All right. If I'm please sooner than that,
we'll see. All right. Anyway. Uh, but that's going to do it for another episode. Orange
Ontario. Hey, as I say at the end of every show, if you enjoyed what you heard here at Oil Art
tonight, please tell a friend or two about the show. Help us spread the word because we are the
show where every gamer has a voice, but you know, if the voices aren't here to air, we don't have a
lot left to air. So, uh, please tell a friend, uh, help us spread the word, uh, a nice five-star
review on a place like iTunes or wherever it is you heard about this show. Those go an awfully
long way as well. We appreciate it. Um, I guess that means we go around and get everybody's
final thoughts. Uh, I'll start, I'll let Loki finish tonight. Uh, my final thought is this
was definitely a show of downs and ups. So I just, again, you know, I know we had that email
tonight that we all kind of, you know, giggled out with all the love, but I, I do appreciate you guys
so much that, um, stick with us through, through everything through thick and thin and, uh, we'll
get through it together. We always do. I'll leave it on that note. Loki, how about you? Your final
thought? I keep working on building a game and keeps changing what I'm working on each week.
That's the problem. Can't get started on anything because I keep changing.
Cause you can't finish one idea. Well, I can't even say that. It's just like, I find,
you know, what, like I'm running into, I still, I'm actually, it's the idea I'm working with now is
it, I don't know. It's similar to what I had another idea I had before. And I even tried
starting working on, uh, it's time the car again. And then I tried because I'm like,
Oh yeah, I'll totally do it. Cause you know, unreal has a vehicle controller built into it.
Let me try the vehicle controller. And Oh my God, is it crap? It is so crap. And I'm like,
uh, no, I'm not going to fucking do that. So, um, yeah, but that may come later someday.
All right. I'll look forward to it. Speaking of things that'll happen when the kids turn 18.
All right. Uh, that's going to do it for another episode of orange launch radio.
We will be back in two weeks to do it all over again. Thank you guys so much for listening to
the show. We really appreciate you guys. I hope to see many of you guys at dragon con,
but if I'm not going to see you there, then I hope you have a great week gaming and
have fun. Be safe. Bye. You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio
is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show. Tune into fog network.com
Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Okay.